3900, "Right-click to heal this unit to its full hit points."

3901, "Right-click to attack this unit."

3902, "Right-click to attack this building."

3903, "Right-click to attack this wall."

3904, "Right-click to attack this ship."

3905, "Right-click to repair this building to its full hit points. The repair cost is deducted from your resource reserves."

3906, "Right-click to board this transport."

3907, "Right-click to gather food from the sea."

3908, "Right-click to collect carbon. Build a Carbon Processing Center nearby to collect carbon faster."

3909, "Right-click to gather food. Build a Food Processing Center nearby to gather food faster."

3910, "Right-click to attack this animal and gather food. Use several workers to attack predators."

3911, "Right-click to mine ore. Build an Ore Processing Center nearby to mine ore faster."

3912, "Right-click to mine nova crystals. Build a Nova Crystal Processing Center nearby to mine nova crystals faster."

3913, "Right-click to repair wall to its full hit points. The repair cost is deducted from your resource reserves."

3914, "Hold down ALT and click to garrison inside this building for protection and healing."

3915, "Right-click to unload this transport."

3916, "Right-click to place a waypoint."

3917, "Right-click to flare your allies."

3918, "Right-click to guard this unit."

3919, "Right-click to follow this unit."

3920, "Right-click to set a gather point"

3921, "Right-click to patrol this region."

3922, "Right-click to pick up this Holocron with your Knights and Masters."

3923, "Right-click to drop off resources at this building."

3924, "Right-click to build this AquaHarvester."

3925, "Right-click to garrison animals in this building.  Garrisoned animals provide a steady stream of food."

3927, "Right-click to gather food from this farm. Build Farms near a Command Center or Food Processing Center to gather food faster."

3928, "Right-click to gather food from this AquaHarvester."

3929, "Right-click to herd captured animals to your Command Center or Food Processing Center for food."

3930, "Right-click to reseed this farm."

3931, "Right-click to rebuild this AquaHarvester."

3932, "Right-click to drop off the Holocron at this Temple."

3933, "Right-click to repair this unit to its full hit points. The repair cost is deducted from your resource reserves."

3934, "Right-click to garrison inside this building for protection and healing."

3951, "Right-click to turn this unit to your control and player color."

3952, "Right-click to convert this building to your control and player color."

3955, "Right-click to construct this building. Use several workers to build it faster."

3960, "Right-click to attack this animal. You cannot gather food from it unless you hunt it with a worker."

