4905, "<b>Stop<b> \nStop the current action."
4906, "<b>Unselect<b> \nUnselect the object."
4907, "<b>Unload<b> \nUnload the units from this Transport."
4908, "<b>Group<b> \nGroup these units. When you click one unit, all units in the group are selected."
4909, "<b>Ungroup<b> \nDisband this group so you can independently move each unit."
4910, "<b>Select Formation<b> \nChoose the type of formation for these units. Units in formation take positions based on their combat role and stay together as they move around the map."
4911, "<b>Cancel<b> \nCancel the command."
4912, "<b>More Buildings<b> \nDisplay the other buildings."
4913, "<b>Chat<b> \nSend typed messages and prerecorded taunts to other human players during a multiplayer game."
4914, "<b>Diplomacy<b> \nChange your diplomatic stance (ally, neutral, enemy) toward other players. After you build a Spaceport, it also lets you send a tribute of resources to other players."
4915, "<b>Menu<b> \nSave, restart, or quit this game, load a different game, or change your screen size, sound volume, and other options. (Hotkey: F10)"
4916, "<b>Turn Stats On<b> \nTurn on statistics that appear above the mini-map."
4917, "<b>Turn Stats Off<b> \nTurn off the statistics that appear above the mini-map."
4918, "<b>More Shipyard Items<b> \nDisplay the other ships and technologies."
4922, "<b>Stand Ground<b> \nUnits ordered to stand ground do not move from their position to attack the enemy. They can attack from range if possible."
4923, "<b>Attack Ground<b> \nOrder the unit(s) to attack a location on the ground instead of a unit or building."
4924, "<b>Heal<b> \nOrder your Medic to heal a wounded unit to its full hit points."
4925, "<b>Convert<b> \nOrder your force user to convert an enemy unit or building to your player color and control. The force user must rest to restore his faith after a successful turning."
4927, "<b>Repair<b> \nOrder your worker(s) to repair a building, ship, or siege weapon to its full hit points. The repair cost is deducted from your stockpile."
4928, "<b>Advanced Commands On<b> \nDisplay the buttons used to issue advanced commands, including the mini-map modes, score, flare allies, military unit tasks, combat stances)."
4929, "<b>Advanced Commands Off<b> \nHide the buttons used to issue advanced commands."
4930, "<b>Yes<b> \nKill or destroy the unit."
4932, "<b>Score<b> \nDisplay the player/team scores. The manual explains how the score is calculated. In a multiplayer game, a red or yellow dot = player with slow connection speed. Turtle = slow computer speed. Players with their name crossed out were eliminated from the game."
4933, "<b>Aggressive Stance<b> \nAggressive units pursue enemies to the death or until the enemy leaves its sight."
4934, "<b>Defensive Stance<b> \nDefensive units pursue enemies a short distance, then return to their post if the enemy leaves the area or is killed."
4935, "<b>No Attack Stance<b> \nUnits do not move and do not attack, even if they are attacked."
4936, "<b>Guard<b> \nOrder your unit(s) to guard another unit or building. Guard units attack enemy units that get close, then return to their post. Use the Aggressive Stance, Defensive Stance, and Stand Ground buttons to control how actively they pursue enemy units."
4937, "<b>Follow<b> \nOrder your unit(s) to follow another unit at long range to avoid detection. Use this to follow a worker or enemy unit back to its base or follow a Cargo Hovercraft to find new Spaceports."
4938, "<b>Patrol<b> \nOrder your unit(s) to patrol an area."
4940, "<b>Flare Allies<b> \nSend your allies a signal. They see a flashing X on the mini-map. Use this to alert your friends to resources, enemy bases, or where you need help."
4941, "<b>Kill or Destroy Your Unit<b> \nKill or destroy unneeded low-power units if you reach the population limit. You cannot get the unit back if you kill it.\nTo destroy unused aircraft, ships or buildings to allow for different ones, click the aircraft, ship or building, then press the hotkey."
4944, "<b>Set Gather Point<b> \nChoose where new units from this building gather after they are created. For instance, set a gather point on a muja fruit bush to put newly created workers to work automatically, or set a gather point on the Troop Center to automatically garrison newly created infantry units."
4945, "<b>Objectives<b> \nDisplay the objectives you must achieve to win this game. Some games also have Intelligence and Reconnaissance information."
4949, "<b>Remove Gather Point<b> \nRemove this building's gather point."
