15500, "Now is the time for us to strike the Republic where they least expect."

15501, "I'm pleased to inform you that our plan is reaching fruition."

15502, "Our target is the volcanic world of Sarapin.  As you may know, Sarapin provides the Core Worlds of the Republic with more than eighty percent of their power."

15503, "However, there is one last obstacle standing in our way - a defensive grid that surrounds the energy world.  "

15504, "General Tann is en route with an elite task force.  With the help of Confederacy cruisers, we should be able to penetrate this maze and clear the way for an invasion."

15505, "We must move swiftly now, General.  "

15506, "Gain a foothold on Sarapin, and take the planet by force."

15507, "It is time for my message to be delivered to the Republic."

15508, "Message encoded to Darth Sidious, Darth Tyranus transmitting."

15509, "My Master, the demise of the Republic is at hand. Everything you have foreseen is coming to pass."

15510, "I have done as you have instructed& Sarapin is now ours for the taking.  "

15511, "This was accomplished in no small part by Sev'Rance Tann, my lord.  I have sensed something powerful in her&  we should keep her close to us.  "

15512, "Sev'Rance, as my trusted General, you have proved yourself beyond measure."

15513, "The capture of Sarapin will not soon be forgotten.  Go now to our new Decimator facilities on the remote world of Krant.  You will  oversee operations there in preparation for your next assignment."

15514, "Your performance has been exemplary, General. "

15515, "There was a great disturbance in the Force, a growing tide of change forming far beyond the Jedi Council and the spires of Coruscant.  We all feared an unthinkable war, and I could not help but wonder at the losses yet to be suffered."

15516, "This is a record of one of those losses.  His name was Echuu Shen-Jon, a powerful Jedi Master, and a good friend.  He was also my Padawan learner."

15517, "His last story as a Jedi Knight begins on Geonosis, a place in history that holds the end of many of our Order."

15518, "Echuu Shen-Jon and his Padawan, the eager  Stam Reath, were among the many whom we had sent to secure the rescue of Obi-Wan, Anakin, and Senator Padme Amidala. "

15519, "But none could have foreseen the ambush that awaited...."

15520, "With the brutal execution of his Padawan, Echuu slipped into a deep depression."

15521, "The Council was concerned, for we sensed a darkness in Echuu that I had not thought possible.  But these were desperate times. "

15522, "I instructed him to return to Coruscant while the Jedi Council convened to make its plans for the war to come. But Echuu didn't always do as he was instructed."

15523, "Weeks had passed since our bitter victory on Geonosis.  We had expected a counterattack, but it was still a surprise when it finally came.  Using our own technology against us, one of Dooku's Generals, a warrior named Sev'Rance Tann, advanced on Sarapin, the chief energy collection center of the galaxy."

15524, "We learned later that Tann had stolen our secret weapon being developed by the Wookiees: the Decimator."

15525, "Sev'Rance Tann needed to be stopped.  I made the judgement that this was an assignment suited to Echuu.  In a hasty vote, the  Council elected to assign a new Padawan learner to Echuu: Naat Reath, Stam's sister."

15526, "Looking back, this may have not been the wisest choice."

15527, "It was no secret amongst the Council that Sev'Rance Tann had been the instrument of Stam Reath's demise.  We hoped that Echuu would funnel his need for revenge into a desire to do good in the name of the Council.  But I may have been fooling myself even then."

15528, "Although Echuu and Naat seemed filled with a newfound energy, I was skeptical as to whether these feelings belonged to the light side or to the dark...."

15529, "Zian Finnis, the captured Confederacy officer, had pointed Echuu to Tatooine, an Outer Rim world that was a  nest of outlaws and pirates."

15530, "The Hutt Cartel was not a group to be trifled with, and somehow I knew they would be involved with the Confederacy and their treachery."

15531, "Reluctantly, I gave Echuu and Naat the go ahead to pursue the Confederacy further."

15532, "Master Yoda has foreseen that someday a powerful Jedi will deal with Jabba the Hutt.  But for now, we must maintain a working relationship with his ilk."

15533, "Through his tactful negotiations, Echuu learned that the Confederacy had established their own Decimator facilities on the secluded planet of Krant.  That would become his next destination."

15534, "The signs were all there.  Why didn't I see them?  Was I so blind to our purpose that I let it get in the way of better judgment?  By now, I was beginning to suspect that Echuu was letting his emotions get the better of him.  Emotions that could very well lead him to the dark side."

15535, "A disturbing turn of events had occurred in Echuu's quest.  Soon after arriving in the Krant system, strange signals were received from the supposedly abandoned moon of Aereen. "

15536, "Echuu discovered an illegal Trade Federation  mining operation on Aereen.  General Tann had decided to secretly use the colony to supply the new Confederacy Decimator facilities on Krant with a constant source of raw materials. "

15537, "Echuu asked for permission to invade Krant, but I cautioned his actions.  It was evident that his judgement in this mission was becoming clouded."

15538, "After consulting with the Jedi Council, I ordered him to first establish a base on Aereen and to subdue the Trade Federation miners.  This would establish a foothold in the system from which we could further assess the  situation.  I sensed a hesitation in his communication as he agreed."

15539, "Echuu was accomplishing every task that the Jedi Council asked of him.  He was becoming a General that the Confederacy feared.  As he grew in power, I knew the dark side would also be growing stronger in its temptation."

15540, "I knew my old friend would soon be tested."

15541, "Aereen had been captured in the name of the Republic.  This provided Echuu's forces with an excellent jump point for the invasion of Krant.  "

15542, "I learned too late that the dark side had already established a firm grip on Echuu by this point.  It had been fueled by his hatred toward Sev'Rance Tann and had invaded his being like a terrible disease. "

15543, "Only Naat Reath was vaguely aware of these changes, but she was in no position to stop her new Master.   She only sought to avenge her brother's death, and was unaware that the corruption had touched her as well.  "

15544, "Not suspecting how deeply Echuu had been compromised, I convinced the Jedi Council to approve a landing on Krant."

15545, "If anything could have secured Echuu Shen-Jon's turning to the dark side, it would have been the death of his second Padawan."

15546, "And this was nearly at hand with her capture.  "

15547, "By now, he had ceased his communications with the Jedi Council completely and we all feared the worst.   "

15548, "The tale of Echuu Shen-Jon's final confrontation with Sev'Rance Tann was a precursor for the painful news to come from the various fronts of the Clone War."

15549, "Without assistance or guidance from the Jedi Council, Echuu drew upon the hatred that had entrenched itself in his soul and set out to rescue his Padawan."

15550, "Gathering his remaining army, he hatched a plan to destroy Sev'Rance Tann. "

15551, "The path he had chosen unfolded before him. "

15552, "For the remainder of my days, I will wonder what happened on Krant.  I will wonder just how far the dark side had invaded Echuu Shen-Jon's being before he disappeared forever."

15553, "When I spoke with Naat Reath about her Master, she masked her feelings.  Was she concealing something from me about his fate?  I will never know."

15554, "But for the record, Echuu Shen-Jon lived the life of an honorable Jedi and gave himself selflessly to save his Padawan and to protect the Jedi Council and the Republic.  "

15555, "In the final reckoning, he will be remembered with respect and be counted as a hero of the Clone Wars.  "

15556, "It'd been a long, hard road, but we were finally ready to invade the Imperial Capital of Coruscant.  Admiral Ackbar ordered the fleet to blockade the planet in preparation for a ground assault."

15557, "Following a cocky maneuver by Rogue Squadron, the planetary defensive shields had been knocked out. We had one specific target we needed to take down in order to declare victory:  the Imperial Palace."

15558, "Once the home of Emperor Palpatine, it now stood as a monument to his terrible reign.  The remnants of the Imperial High Command had themselves holed up in the palace with the bulk of the Coruscant Defense Forces."

15559, "General Tal Ashen, a slick Imperial tactician, was in charge of the Palace.  I knew we needed to take him out to win the day."

15560, "So I put General Rand Talor in charge of the invasion force.  He had proven himself a worthy officer in the Rebellion and he knew Tal Ashen's tactics.  Plus, he had a personal reason to be down there."

15561, "Years earlier, his wife Kath, an Alliance operative on Coruscant, had been captured.  We all hoped she was still alive."

15562, "Luke was right about the Force being with us that day. "

15563, "Seeing Rand and Kath reunited reminded me of why I got into this war to begin with."

15564, "With the seat of Imperial power under Alliance control, it would only be a matter of time before we could all finally live in peace, free from the bonds of tyranny."

