26301, "Build <b>Food Proc Ctr<b> (<cost>)\n<b><i>Necessary for Farm.<i><b> Used to deposit food and research farming improvements. Build near a muja fruit bush or other source of food to gather food faster.  Food and its derivative BioPlasma, are very important for the creation of Troopers, Mechs and Aircraft.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26305, "Build <b>Ore Proc Ctr<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to deposit ore and research ore mining improvements. Build near ore sources to gather these resources faster.  Ore and its derivative DuraSteel, are integral to the creation of defensive structures: Fortresses, Walls, Turrets and Shield Generators.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26309, "Build <b>Carbon Proc Ctr<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to deposit carbon and research carbon collection improvements. Build near carbon sources to gather these resources faster.  Carbon and its derivative, Carbonite, are integral for the creation of Ships, Troopers, some Aircraft and Buildings.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26313, "Build <b>Prefab Shelter<b> (<cost>)\nEach Prefab Shelter supports 5 units (workers, military units, ships, aircraft, Cargo Hovercrafts). The Galactic Republic Prefab Shelter supports 6 units. Your current/supportable population is shown at the top of the game screen.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26317, "Build <b>Fortress<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to create your unique unit, build Air Cruisers, Cannons and Bounty Hunters, and improve workers and buildings. Possesses an effective anti-air defense system. Adds population support for 20 units. Cannot be converted by enemy force users.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points (Fortress); attack, range, line of sight (War Center); hit points, armor, range (Research Center); <i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26318, "Build <b>Sentry Post<b> (<cost>)\nA fixed observation structure that provides advance warning of nearby enemy activity. Unlike other laser turrets, Sentry Posts are excellent for detecting stealth units, like Jedi and off-shore submarines.  Sentry Posts do not attack or let you garrison units inside.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); line of sight (War Center); <i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26319, "Build <b>Command Center<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to create workers, deposit resources (food, carbon, ore, nova crystals), advance to the next tech level, and improve buildings as well as workers. Units can garrison inside for protection. Adds population support for 5 units. Cannot be converted by enemy force users.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); attack, range, line of sight (War Center); <i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26332, "Create <b>Desert Skiff<b> (<cost>)\nRanged combat unit.\nLight repulsorlift vehicle that can be used to ferry soldiers quickly around the battlefield. Gains attack when loaded.<i> Upgrades: creation speed (Fortress); hit points, speed (Mech Factory); armor, attack, range, line of sight (War Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26333, "Create <b>Skyhopper<b> (<cost>)\nRanged, Anti-Aircraft combat unit.\nVery effective against other aircraft and a good air combat unit for taking out workers and troopers on the ground.<i> Upgrades: accuracy, armor, cost, shields, to Fast Fighter 200C, 200N (Airbase); creation speed (Fortress); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26338, "Create <b>Gamorrean Guard<b> (<cost>)\nDimwitted, but immensely powerful aliens often employed as security guards by the Hutts. Melee combat unit. \nEffective against troopers.<i> Upgrades: creation speed (Fortress); armor, attack (War Center); build speed, line of sight, speed (Troop Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26339, "Build <b>Monument<b> (<cost>)\nBuilding a Monument demonstrates the superiority of your civilization. Constructing a Monument that stands for a certain period of time is one way to win the Standard game. Cannot be converted by enemy force users.\n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26340, "Build <b>War Center<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to improve troopers, mechs, towers, Command Centers, Fortresses, and ships. Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26344, "Build <b>Research Center<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to improve buildings and ranged units.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26346, "Build <b>Spaceport<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to buy and sell resources, trade with other players, and research trade improvements.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26348, "Create <b>Jawa (Ranged)<b> (<cost>)\nNative scavengers and merchants of the Tatooine wastelands, Jawas carry powerful close-range ion blasters that can quickly short-circuit droids and vehicles. Ranged combat unit.\nLess effective at close range; better at battle from a distance. Strong vs Mechanical units<i> Upgrades: creation speed (Fortress); armor, attack (War Center); build speed, range, line of sight, speed, to Trooper 50F, 10N (Troop Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26349, "Build <b>Shipyard<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to build ships as well as deposit food collected by Utility Trawlers.  Upgrades to ships are available at the War Center.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26350, "Build <b>Airbase<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to build and improve aircraft.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26351, "Build <b>Nova Crystal Proc Ctr<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to deposit nova crystals and research nova mining improvements. Build near nova sources to gather these resources faster.  Nova crystals are critical to the creation of Jedi, Ships, Air, and Mechs, as well as advanced unit upgrades.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26352, "Build <b>Animal Nursery<b> (<cost>)\n<b><i>Necessary for the Mounted Trooper, a unit produced in the Troop Center.<i><b>Provides a location to garrison herded animals, as well as improvement of nurturing technologies.  Garrisoned food animals generate food.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26353, "Build <b>Power Core<b> (<cost>)\nPowers buildings within its range. Research and Build Speed at Buildings out of range of a Power Core are at 25% efficiency. Shield Generators will not function without a Power Core. Used to build Power Droids and research power upgrades.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center);hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26354, "Build <b>Shield Generator<b> (<cost>)\nGrants shields to any units or buildings within range of its effect. A shield regenerates automatically when diminished and has a maximum value equal to the hit points of the unit or building. Needs a Power Core within range to function. Used to research Shield Generator upgrades.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26357, "Build <b>Jedi Temple<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to create and improve force users. Garrisoned Holocrons generate nova crystals. Cannot be converted by enemy force users. <i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26361, "Build <b>Mech Factory<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to build and improve mechanized units for all  non-Gungan civilizations.  The Gungan Mech Factory produces creatures fitted with armor and mechanical devices.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26364, "Build <b>Troop Center<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to build and improve troopers.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26367, "Build <b>Hvy Weapons Factory<b> (<cost>)\nUsed to build and improve heavy weapons in all non-Gungan civilizations. Some of the Gungan Heavy Weapons Factory units are creatures that are fitted with armor and mechanical devices.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center); more resistant to force users (Temple)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26369, "Build <b>Medium Wall<b> (<cost>)\nStronger than Light Wall but more expensive. Slows down your enemies and protects your base.<i> Upgrades: to Hvy Wall (Research Center); <i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26370, "Build <b>Hvy Wall<b> (<cost>)\nDifficult to puncture without heavy weapons, Stronger than Medium Wall. Slows down your enemies and protects your base.<i> Upgrades: to Shield Wall (Research Center); <i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26371, "Build <b>Light Wall<b> (<cost>)\nFlimsy wall that is cheap and quick to construct.  Provides a warning against enemy attack.<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26372, "Build <b>Light Turret<b> (<cost>)\nBasic base defense. Automatically attacks enemy units and buildings within range. Units can garrison inside for protection and additional attack strength.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); attack, range, line of sight (War Center); hit points, armor, attack, range, to Med Turret 100C, 250O (Research Center)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26373, "Build <b>Medium Turret<b> (<cost>)\nStronger than Light Turret, with enhanced offensive ability. Automatically attacks enemy units and buildings within range. Units can garrison inside for protection and additional attack strength.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); attack, range, line of sight (War Center); hit points, armor, attack, range, to Adv Turret 200C, 500O (Research Center)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26374, "Build <b>Advanced Turret<b> (<cost>)\nStronger than Medium Turret, with enhanced offensive ability. Automatically attacks enemy units and buildings within range. Units can garrison inside for protection and additional attack strength.<i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); attack, range, line of sight (War Center); hit points, armor, attack, range (Research Center)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26375, "Build <b>Anti-Air Turret<b> (<cost>)\nPowerful anti-air attack with extensive line of sight. <i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); attack, range, line of sight (War Center); hit points, armor, range, to Adv Anti-Air Turret 200C, 500O (Research Center)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26376, "Plant <b>Farm<b> (<cost>)\n<b>Food Processing Center is necessary for a farm.<b> A renewable source of food. Provides a limited amount of food before it collapses and must be rebuilt. Only one worker can work a Farm. Cannot be converted by enemy force users. You can farm abandoned enemy Farms. <i> Upgrades: food (Food Processing Center); line of sight (Command Center); hit points (Research Center).<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26377, "Build <b>AquaHarvester<b> (<cost>)\nA renewable source of food. Similar to a Farm, but constructed in the water. Provides a limited amount of food before it collapses and must be rebuilt. Cannot be converted by enemy force users. <i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points (Research Center).<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26378, "Build <b>Gate<b> (<cost>)Can be built into existing walls. You or your allies can manually open and close this Gate. <i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); hit points, armor (Research Center).<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26379, "Build <b>Shield Wall<b> (<cost>)\nSelf-regenerative defense structure.  Difficult to puncture without heavy weapons, Stronger than Hvy Wall. Slows down your enemies and protects your base. <i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

26395, "Build <b>Sandcrawler<b> (<cost>)\nSandcrawlers act as miniature, mobilized Command Centers. They can construct Workers and garrison units for protection. <i> Upgrades: line of sight (Command Center); attack, range, line of sight (War Center); hit points, armor, range (Research Center)<i> \n<hp> <attack> <armor> <piercearmor> <range>"

