30201, "Click to see the player names. In a multiplayer game, close some of the positions to limit a game to fewer than 8 players. Closing a position occupied by a player ejects that player from the game."

30202, "Click to select a civilization. Each civilization has special abilities and can research different technologies. Click the Technology Tree button (bottom of screen) to learn more about each civilization. More than one player can select the same civilization."

30204, "Click to change the scenario settings (such as the type and size of the map, game speed, and the game's victory condition)."

30205, "View messages from other players."

30206, "Type a message to other players."

30207, "Click to start the game."

30208, "Select the number of computer players you want in your game."

30209, "Click to display your network (IP) address so you can give it to other players who want to join your game. If you are not connected to a network, your IP address is not valid."

30210, "Click when you are ready to start the game. The game creator cannot start the game until all players are ready. The names of players who are ready are shown in green."

30211, "Click to select your team number if you want to start the game with other players as allies. A question mark (?) indicates a random team assignment. A dash (-) indicates no team. Players on the same team automatically have their diplomatic stance set to Ally and Allied Victory set."

30212, "Click to select your player's color and starting position on the map. In a multiplayer game, if two or more players select the same player number, they can play a cooperative game and share control of the same civilization."

30213, "Click to start the game. You cannot click this button until you select the I'm Ready! check box."

30214, "Click to display the technology trees for the different civilizations."

30250, "Select the map size. The larger the map, the longer the game."

30251, "Select the distribution of land and water on the map."

30252, "Select the victory condition you must achieve to win the game. If you play the standard victory conditions, the winner is the first player or team to destroy all enemies, build a Monument, or control all Holocrons. See the manual for more about victory conditions."

30257, "Select the technology level in which the game starts. Tech Level 1 is the standard setting. If you choose Tech Level 3, you start the game with all technology and unit upgrades from Tech Level 2, but you must still research Tech Level 4."

30258, "Select the amount of carbon, food, ore, and nova crystals in each player's stockpile when the game starts."

30259, "Select to have players begin the game in fixed (clockwise) positions based on their player number. Team members with consecutive player numbers are located adjacent to each other on the map. If not selected, players begin the game in random locations on the map."

30260, "Select how much of the map is revealed when you start the game. Normal: You must explore to reveal the map and find your opponents. Explored: You can see the map but must explore to find your opponents. All Visible: You can see the map and your opponents when you start the game."

30263, "Select if you want each civilization to lose its special abilities and be able to research all technologies in the game."

30264, "Select to allow all players to use the cheat codes."

30265, "Select the scenario to play."

30266, "Explains what you must do to win the game."

30267, "Select the time limit for the game. The civilization with the highest score at the end of the required time period wins the game."

30268, "Select the score for the game. The first civilization to achieve this score or military conquest wins the game."

30269, "Select the skill level of the computer players."

30270, "Select the pathfinding capability. The higher the setting, the more efficiently units find paths from one location to another. Higher values also require faster computers."

30271, "Select the maximum number of units each player can create. The recommended value is 75. Higher values require faster computers."

30272, "If this box is selected, the last saved multiplayer game will be restored."

30273, "Select the type of game you want to play. In a Random Map, you choose the settings. In a Terminate the Commander game, you try to kill other players' leaders before they kill yours. In a Death Match, all players start with many resources and battle to the death."

30274, "Select the scenario you want to play."

30275, "Select how fast units move and game time elapses. Changing the game speed affects all players."

30276, "Select to prevent players from changing teams or tributing resources and chatting privately with nonallied players after the game starts. Locking teams without assigning the Computer players to separate teams will result in them allying."

30277, "Select to prevent players from changing the game speed after the game starts."

30278, "Select to record the game. To replay a recorded game, select it on the Saved Game screen to replay it automatically."

30279, "Click to return game settings to their default values."

30280, "Select the type of map to use.  On a Standard Map, the terrain is different every game.  On a Star Wars Locale Map, the terrain is similar to the geography of that world, but resources and starting locations are still random."

