30500, "Click to create a randomly generated or custom map."
30501, "Click to place carbon patches, elevation, cliffs, forests, and water."
30502, "Click to choose the starting tech level, starting resource reserves, civilization, starting technology, and computer personality for each player."
30503, "Click to place buildings, workers, military units, ships and aircraft for each player as well as Gaia (world) objects, such as trees, grass, Holocrons, and other terrain accents."
30504, "Click to choose unique victory conditions for each player."
30505, "Click to write scenario instructions, intelligence, a victory message, a loss message, and historical information."
30506, "Click to choose the cinematics that play at the beginning and end of the scenario."
30507, "Click to enable the full tech tree or to disable technology for each player."
30508, "Click to choose the diplomatic stance of players (ally, neutral, or enemy) and whether any players pursue allied victory."
30509, "Click to select one or more victory conditions that all players must achieve."
30510, "Click to set up triggers for the scenario."
30515, "Click to display the default terrain with no resources (carbon, food, nova crystals, or ore)."
30516, "Click to display a random distribution of land, water, and resources."
30517, "Click to display a random distribution of land, water, and resources based on the seed (number) you type."
30518, "Select the map size. The larger the map, the longer the game."
30519, "Select the distribution of land and water on the map."
30520, "Type the number of the seed map to use. For example, if you type 532, and select the same number of players, map size, and map type, the same map always appears. You can type any number up to 99999."
30521, "Click to create the map."
30522, "Select the default terrain."
30523, "Select the map type for the AI."
30525, "Click to select the brush size."
30526, "Click to select the brush size."
30527, "Click to select the brush size."
30528, "Click to select the brush size."
30529, "Click to select the brush size."
30530, "Click to paint background terrain, such as grass, forest, and water."
30531, "Click to paint hills."
30532, "Click to paint cliffs. To paint cliffs, drag the mouse. To delete cliffs, right-click and drag over the existing cliffs. Placing cliffs on different elevations creates gaps between the cliffs that workers and military units may have difficulty moving through."
30533, "Select the terrain to paint or erase."
30534, "Select the elevation to paint. The larger the elevation number, the higher the terrain. Elevation 2 is flat terrain."
30535, "Click to make a copy of sections of the map."
30536, "Click to erase units and buildings from the map."
30537, "Select the terrain/unit to erase"
30538, "Select the player to customize."
30539, "Select the number of players."
30540, "Type the amount of food the player has at the beginning of the game."
30541, "Type the amount of carbon the player has at the beginning of the game."
30542, "Type the amount of nova crystals the player has at the beginning of the game."
30543, "Type the amount of ore the player has at the beginning of the game."
30544, "Type a civilization name if you want to replace the civilization name with a unique name when the scenario is played as a campaign."
30545, "Select whether the position is played by the computer, a human, or either. If you select Either, the position can be played by a human or the computer (if it is not filled by a human). Note that Player 1 should always be set to Either."
30546, "Select the player's civilization. Each civilization has special skills and can research different technologies. More than one player can select the same civilization."
30547, "Select the strategy the computer player uses to determine which buildings, military units, ships, and technologies to research."
30548, "Select the city plan the computer player uses to determine where to construct buildings."
30549, "Select the personality of the computer player. Typically, you can select Standard (the default computer player script) or None (no AI for the computer player). If you create and place a custom AI in the AI folder on your hard drive, it will appear in this list."
30550, "Select the starting tech level for the player's civilization.  Different players can start in different ages."
30551, "Set the population limit for this player."
30554, "Click here, to be able to select items on the map"
30555, "Click here, then click an item on the map to delete it."
30556, "Click here, select an item from the list box, then click a location on the map."
30557, "Click here, then drag an item on the map to move it."
30558, "Click here, then click an item on the map to rotate it."
30559, "Select the unit to place on the map."
30560, "Select the player to place units for."
30561, "Click to display units in the list."
30562, "Click to display buildings in the list. Walls and defensive buildings that require research at the Research Center are available in this list only if the starting tech level for your scenario is the age after that building's upgrade is available."
30563, "Click to display heroes in the list."
30564, "Click to display miscellaneous items in the list, such as flags and rubble."
30565, "Click to allow players to achieve any one of the custom victory conditions to win the game."
30567, "Click to require players to achieve all of the custom victory conditions to win the game."
30568, "Select to set Conquest as one of the victory conditions. The first civilization (or team) to destroy all opponents' workers, military units, ships, and buildings wins the game. Hover Trade Ships, Cargo Ships, Transport Ships, Trawlers, Farms, AquaHarvesters, Holocrons, Gates, and Walls do not need to be destroyed to win."
30569, "Select to set Exploration as one of the victory conditions. The first civilization (or team) to explore the specified percentage of the map wins the game. For allied victory, only one of the allies must explore the specified percentage of the map."
30570, "Select to set Exploration as one of the victory conditions. The first civilization (or team) to explore the specified percentage of the map wins the game. For allied victory, only one of the allies must explore the specified percentage of the map."
30571, "30571 not used"
30572, "Select to set Holocrons as one of the victory conditions. The first civilization (or team) to control the designated number of Holocrons wins the game. The game ends immediately. There is no countdown clock. For allied victory, the Holocrons must be controlled by any of the allies."
30573, "30573 not used"
30575, "Type the percentage of the map that must be explored for an Exploration victory."
30576, "30576 not used"
30577, "Type the number of Holocrons that must be controlled for a Holocron victory."
30592, "Click to type the scenario instructions."
30593, "Click to type the intelligence text for this scenario (optional)."
30594, "Click to type the victory message that appears for the winner(s) of this scenario (optional)."
30595, "Click to type the loss message that appears for the loser(s) of this scenario (optional)."
30596, "Click to type historical background information for this scenario (optional)."
30597, "Click to type Reconnaissance information for this scenario (optional)."
30598, "Type a string table number for this text."
