31000, "Play a single player game, with or against computer players, or play one of eight Star Wars campaigns."
31001, "Play a multiplayer game, with or against human players, and with computer players, as well, if so desired."
31002, "Join the Expanding Fronts Community Discord."
31003, "Learn to play the game by helping Attichitcuk, Chewbacca's father, to establish a colony of Wookiees."
31004, "Create your own scenarios and campaigns."
31005, "Display data about the civilizations, heroes, units, and technologies in the game."
31006, "Change your player name, sound volume, screen size, hotkeys, and other game settings."
31007, "Display the game credits."
31008, "©2002 LucasArts Entertainment Company LLC. ©2002 Lucasfilm Ltd. & TM or ® as indicated. All rights reserved. Used under authorization. LucasArts and the LucasArts logo are registered trademarks of Lucasfilm Ltd."
31009, "Exit <i>Star Wars<i> ® Galactic Battlegrounds TM: Clone Campaigns TM."
31020, "This is the name of the selected player. Click Player Select to change the player."
31029, "Enter the realm of Episode II and battle with the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems."
31030, "Battle with OOM-9, Boss Nass, Darth Vader, Leia Organa, or Chewbacca in games that span the Star Wars Saga."
31031, "Play a standard game or a custom scenario. Different map types and game settings are available."
31032, "Kill the enemy's commander and defend your own.  The last commander alive rules the planet."
31033, "Start the game with large reserves of food, carbon, ore, and nova crystals, then fight your enemies to the death."
31034, "Play a custom campaign created by you or your friends."
31035, "Play a custom scenario created by you or your friends."
31036, "Load a previously saved single-player game or watch a recorded game."
31050, "Select the type of connection to make. To connect using the Zone, click the Zone button on the left. For more about connecting, see the manual."
31051, "Click to display the games you can join. If you select Local (LAN) TCP/IP Connection in the list above, the games available automatically appear."
31052, "Double-click the game you want to join. If there are no games listed, you can either wait or create one for other players to join."
31053, "Click to join the game selected in the list."
31054, "Click to start a new game that other players can join. You choose the game settings."
31055, "Click to start a new restoring multiplayer game that other players can join. You choose the file to restore."
31070, "Click to exit <i>Star Wars<i> ® Galactic Battlegrounds TM: Expanding Fronts, start your Web browser, and get an invitation to the Expanding Fronts Community Discord."
31090, "Click to select your player name. Your current player name is shown at the top of the screen."
31091, "Click to add a new player name to the list."
31092, "Click to change the selected player name, or double-click a name in the Player list to change it."
31093, "Click to delete the selected player name."
