31110, "Create a new custom scenario."
31111, "Make changes to an existing scenario."
31112, "Create and change custom campaigns."
31113, "View the outcome of groups of units that automatically fight against each other."
31150, "Move the slider to increase or decrease the pregame and in-game music volume."
31151, "Move the slider to increase or decrease the volume of sound effects and the pregame and postgame music."
31152, "Select to turn on prerecorded audio messages from other players."
31153, "Move the slider to increase or decrease how fast the game map scrolls when you use your mouse or the arrow keys to move to the edge of the screen."
31154, "Click to set the screen resolution to 800 x 600. This is the default setting (minimum 256 colors)."
31155, "Click to set the screen resolution to 1024 x 768."
31156, "Click to set the screen resolution to 1280 x 1024."
31157, "Click to set the screen resolution to 1600 x 1280."
31158, "Click to display/hide the buttons for advanced players on the in-game interface."
31159, "Select to turn on the two-button mouse interface. With two mouse buttons, left-clicking selects a unit and right-clicking executes a command. With one mouse button, left-clicking both selects a unit and executes a command."
31160, "Click to customize the hotkeys (keyboard shortcuts) you use to play the game."
31161, "Select to turn on one-click garrisoning. When turned on, selected units enter a garrison building (Command Center, for instance) when you right-click it. When turned off, select your unit(s), hold down ALT, and right-click the garrison building."
31162, "Click to set the graphics detail level to high. This setting is recommended for fast computers."
31163, "Click to set the graphics detail level to medium. This setting is recommended for mid-speed computers."
31164, "Click to set the graphics detail level to low. This setting is recommended for slower computers."
31165, "Activates a simple color scheme that makes it easier to see which players are your enemies.  Instead of unique colors for each player, enemies are red, allies are yellow, neutral players are gray, and your units are blue."
