41006, "<b>Disband Formation<b> \nDisband this formation so you can independently move each unit."

41014, "<b>Ungarrison (All Units)<b> \nUngarrison all units from this building."

41015, "<b>Send Workers Back to Work<b> \nUngarrison all units from this building."

41016, "<b>About Face<b> \nTurn the formation 180 degrees."

41017, "<b>Wheel Right<b> \nTurn the formation clockwise 1/8 of a circle. The units maintain relative positions."

41018, "<b>Wheel Left<b> \nTurn the formation counterclockwise 1/8 of a circle. The units maintain relative positions."

41019, "<b>Horde<b> \nForm the units into a group with no specific organization. The group will try to stay together as it moves around the map."

41020, "<b>Box Formation<b> \nForm the units into a protective box, with weaker units in the center, offering them maximum protection from attack in any direction."

41021, "<b>Line Formation<b> \nForm the units into a line wider than it is deep. Military units are positioned according to their specialty."

41022, "<b>Staggered Formation<b> \nForm the units into a staggered line formation, in which units are farther apart to mitigate the type of damage caused by siege weapons when units are too close together."

41023, "<b>Flank Formation<b> \nForm the units into two subgroups, which then try to surround the enemy when attacking."

41050, "<b>Normal Mini-map<b> \nDisplay all units and buildings on the mini-map. Click the Statistics button in Normal mode to see the scores of all players."

41051, "<b>Combat Mini-map<b> \nDisplay only combat units on the mini-map. Click the Statistics button in Combat mode to see how many combat units you have listed by class (troopers, mechs, ships, aircraft, and so forth)."

41053, "<b>Economic Mini-map<b> \nDisplay only drop-off buildings, trade buildings, and trade units on the mini-map. You only see other players' trade buildings. Click the Statistics button in Economic mode to see how many workers you have idle, by task, and the resource exchange rates if you have a Spaceport."

41055, "<b>Undeploy<b> \nShut down this Cannon so it can become mobile. You must deploy it when it reaches its destination. Undeploying Cannons are vulnerable to attack."

41056, "<b>Deploy<b> \nActivate this Cannon as a stationary unit. Cannons are vulnerable while deploying."

41061, "<b>Buildings<b> \nDisplay the economic and infrastructure buildings you can build."

41062, "<b>Military Buildings<b> \nDisplay the military buildings you can build."

41063, "<b>Defensive Buildings<b> \nDisplay the defensive buildings you can build."

41068, "<b>Garrison Inside a Building<b> \nGarrison the selected unit inside of a building for protection and healing."

41072, "<b>Sell 100 carbon for %d nova<b> \nEach time you click, 100 carbon is deducted from your resource reserve and you receive the amount of nova crystals shown on the button. The price may change with each click."

41073, "<b>Sell 100 food for %d nova<b> \nEach time you click, 100 food is deducted from your resource reserve and you receive the amount of nova crystals shown on the button. The price may change with each click."

41074, "<b>Sell 100 ore for %d nova<b> \nEach time you click, 100 ore is deducted from your resource reserve and you receive the amount of nova crystals shown on the button. The price may change with each click."

41076, "<b>Buy 100 carbon for %d nova<b> \nEach time you click, 100 carbon is added to your resource reserve and you pay the price in nova crystals shown on the button. The price may change with each click."

41077, "<b>Buy 100 food for %d nova<b> \nEach time you click, 100 food is added to your resource reserve and you pay the price in nova crystals shown on the button. The price may change with each click."

41078, "<b>Buy 100 ore for %d nova<b> \nEach time you click, 100 ore is added to your resource reserve and you pay the price in nova crystals shown on the button. The price may change with each click."

