43000, "<b>Mini-map<b> \nShows the entire gameplay area on a smaller scale. To navigate using the mini-map, click a location, or drag the white box to view a specific area."

43001, "<b>Food Counter<b> \nFood added per game minute by this building.  Garrison more animals to generate more food.  Powered builings make more food than unpowered buildings"

43002, "<b>Nova Counter<b> \nNova added per game minute by this building.  Garrison more holocrons to generate more nova."

43010, "Food Stockpile"

43011, "Carbon Stockpile"

43012, "Nova Stockpile"

43013, "Ore Stockpile"

43020, "<b>Selected Object<b> \nShows which worker, building, military unit, ship or aircraft is currently selected. Workers are shown as foragers, hunters, etc., depending on their current task."

43021, "<b>Hit Points<b> \nShows the current/maximum damage this unit can suffer before it is destroyed. Hit points are also indicated by a bar above the unit on the game map. Medics and Medical Droids as well as garrisoning inside buildings will heal the hit points of wounded units. Workers can repair the hit points of damaged non-biological buildings, ships, mechs and aircraft."

43022, "<b>UnDeployment Progress<b>"

43023, "<b>Deployment Progress<b>"

43024, "<b>Attack Strength<b> \nShows how much damage the unit or building can inflict."

43025, "<b>Armor<b> \nShows how much protection the unit or building has from attack. Normal armor reduces damage from hand-to-hand combat. Pierce armor reduces damage from ranged weapons. But there are many other types of armor, including Aircraft, Ship, Submarine and Mech specific armor, among others, and these values are also reflected in this number."

43026, "<b>Range<b> \nShows how far the unit or building can fire. Generally, ranged units cannot fire at units close to them."

43027, "<b>Force Power<b> \nShows how much force power a force user has. Force users must renew their power after a successful turning. When a force user's faith is at 100 percent, they can attempt to turn another unit."

43028, "<b>Garrisoned Units<b> \nShows the current/maximum number of units garrisoned inside this building. Buildings with garrisoned units have multiple hit point (green) lines above them on the game map. Click the Ungarrison button (on the left) to eject all units. Click the picture of the unit(s) (on the right) to eject specific units."

43029, "<b>Food<b> \nShows the amount of food on a Utility Trawler."

43030, "<b>Nova crystals on Cargo Ship<b> \nShows the amount of nova crystals on a Cargo Ship."

43031, "<b>Trade Goods on Cargo Ship<b>"

43032, "<b>Food Held by Workers<b> \nShows the amount of food the worker has."

43033, "<b>Carbon Held by Workers<b> \nShows the amount of carbon the worker has."

43034, "<b>Nova crystals Held by Workers<b> \nShows the amount of nova crystals the worker has."

43035, "<b>Ore Held by Worker<b> \nShows the amount of ore the worker has."

43036, "<b>Food in This Object<b> \nShows the amount of food this object will provide."

43037, "<b>Carbon in This Object<b> \nShows the amount of carbon this object will provide."

43038, "<b>Nova crystals in This Object<b> \nShows the amount of nova crystals this object will provide."

43039, "<b>Ore in This Object<b> \nShows the amount of ore this object will provide."

43040, "<b>Nova crystals Available by Trading Here<b> \nShows the amount of nova crystals available by trading here with a Cargo Hovercraft."

43041, "<b>Building Attack Strength<b> \nShows the attack strength of this building."

43042, "<b>Speed<b> \nObject speed"

43043, "<b>Reload Time<b> \nInterval between shots in seconds"

43044, "<b>Blast Radius<b> \nArea of effect radius"

43045, "<b>Food Income<b> \nFood added per game minute by this building."

43046, "<b>Carbon Income<b> \nCarbon added per game minute by this building."

43047, "<b>Nova Income<b> \nNova added per game minute by this building."

43048, "<b>Ore Income<b> \nOre added per game minute by this building."

43049, "<b>Unknown Income<b> \nUnknown resource added per game minute by this building."

43050, "<b>Misc Counter 1<b> \nSee scenario instructions to understand how to interpret this."

