43201, "<b>Carbon Stockpile<b> \nShows how much carbon you have. Carbon, distilled into carbonite, is used to construct buildings, ships, mechs and aircraft. Workers gather carbon from trees, steam vents, and carbon deposits. You can also buy carbon at the Spaceport or receive a tribute of carbon from other players."

43202, "<b>Food Stockpile<b> \nShows how much food you have. Food, distilled into bioplasma, is used to create new units and to advance to the next tech level. Workers gather food from fruit bushes, herdables, hunted animals, farms, and fish. Utility Trawlers also gather food from fishing and AquaHarvesters."

43203, "<b>Nova Stockpile<b> \nShows how many nova crystals you have. Nova crystals are a material used to create advanced units and research advanced technologies. Workers gather nova crystals from crystal deposits and other sources. You can also increase your nova crystal reserve by trading with other players; selling ore, carbon, or food; or garrisoning a Holocron in a Temple."

43204, "<b>Ore Stockpile<b> \nShows how much ore you have. Ore, smelted into durasteel is used to build walls, turrets, and shield generators. Workers gather ore from ore deposits and other sources. You can also buy ore at the Spaceport or receive a tribute of ore from other players."

43205, "<b>Units Indicator<b> \nShows your current/supportable population. Before you can create new workers, military units, ships or aircraft, you must have enough Prefab Shelters to support them. The population indicator flashes if you need to build more Prefab Shelters before creating or building new units."

43206, "<b>Shield Points<b> \nShows the current/maximum hits on shields that this unit can suffer before it begins taking hit point damage. Hit points are also indicated by a bar above the unit on the game map. Shields regenerate automatically when diminished."

43207, "<b>Shield Indicator<b> \nLights when a unit or building possesses shields or is shielded."

43208, "<b>Power Indicator<b> \nLights when a building is powered."

43209, "<b>Stealth Indicator<b> \nLights when a unit possesses the capability of invisibility."

43210, "<b>Detector Indicator<b> \nLights when a unit or building possesses the capability of detecting stealth units."

