44800, "Trade Federation"

44801, "Gungan Troops"

44802, "Boss Ganne"

44803, "Battle Droid Scouts"

44804, "Hidden Farm Gungans"

44805, "1. Boss Ganne is probably hiding in one of his buildings.  You may need to destroy his hiding place to convince him to surrender. Be VERY careful that you do not kill Boss Ganne. Bring Darth Maul to Ganne quickly when he appears.\n\n2.  Protecting your pummels is important if you wish to quickly smash buildings and walls.\n\n3.  Other Federation units are stationed near your position, awaiting your success."

44806, "The thick forests of the Gungan swamp hide the ancient and secret route to the channel of Rellias.  Long ago, the Otoh Gunga populace used the gates to seal off Otoh Gunga from rival tribes. Later, they were sealed forever as a safety precaution, although the Gungan leaders retained the passcodes for emergency use."

44807, "Take Boss Ganne through the Gates of Rellias and onward to the Channel"

44808, "Bring Darth Maul to Boss Ganne."

44809, "Darth Maul: We've located Boss Ganne."

44810, "Darth Maul: Prepare for capture."

44811, "Darth Maul: Open the gate, Gungan"

44812, "Boss Ganne: No!  Mesa no betrayin' Otoh Gunga!"

44813, "Darth Maul: You will open the gate..."

44814, "Boss Ganne: [hyponotized] Mesa.. Open Gate"

44815, "Boss Ganne, worthless though he is, must survive"

44816, "Boss Ganne was killed!! You cannot win now..."

44817, "Darth Maul must survive"

44818, "Darth Maul was killed!! You cannot win now..."

44819, "Darth Maul:  We must find the convoy to the southeast, and capture the Gungan Leader.  He is the only one who can lead us to the Gates of the Rellias Channel. I must capture him PERSONALLY... "

44820, "Boss Ganne: Ack!  Yousa gotten me!  What issa you?  Some kinda devil thing?"

44821, "Darth Maul: It is of no concern to you, Gungan.  [mind-trick] You will come with me."

44822, "Boss Ganne: (Pants loudly, tortured)"

44823, "Boss Ganne: [hypnotized] Mesa...comen...wit...yousa..."

44824, "Boss Ganne: You. . .need. . .to approach via the Rellias Channel."

44825, "Darth Maul: Now we must find the Gates of Rellias somewhere to the southwest."

44826, "Battle Droid Commander:  Strategic Operations Dictum 1013 commands that we stay and guard this outpost."

44827, "Battle Droid Commander:  When the leader has been eliminated, our orders are set to change."

44828, "Darth Maul: More gates?"

44829, "Darth Maul: These pitiful barricades will prove worthless."

44830, "Darth Maul:  I sense the channel nearby."

44831, "Darth Maul:  We are almost there."

44832, "Battle Droid: Reinforcements now available for your deployment, sir."

44833, "[Optional] Destroy all Gungan farmlands to disrupt the resistance effort."

44834, "Darth Maul: Excellent, we have destroyed their farming capability.  I regret we don't have time to watch them starve.  Our mission still requires us to press on."

44835, "Darth Maul: What is this?"

44836, "Darth Maul: A hidden farming facility?"

44837, "Darth Maul: Destroy all farms you can find."

44838, "Darth Maul: These primitives must not be allowed to thrive unchecked."

44839, "Darth Maul: The Gungan is hiding inside that structure."

44840, "Flush out the Gungan called Boss Ganne."

