45201, "Tarpal's MilitiaGungs"

45202, "Jar Jar's MilitiaGungs"

45203, "Gungan Grand Army"

45204, "Reconnaissance Fighters"

45205, "The mercy we showed the inhabitants of Naboo goes unappreciated; it is a mistake we won’t make again.  They have risen up and dared to attack our control ship in orbit.  Even now the last of their pilots is pursued by a full squadron of droid starfighters. \n\nThe two Jedi have failed to protect the Queen from Darth Maul, and now fight a losing battle against him. \n\nHere on the Grassy Plains of Naboo, the ungainly Gungan army is attempting to delay the inevitable.  Cement our occupation of Naboo once and for all.  Wipe them out...all of them."

45206, "1. You will have only a short time before the Gungans attack.  Use it to group and garrison your units.\n\n2. Don't let small sections of your army get separated from the main force.\n\n3. Use the longer range of your assault mechs to attack Fambaa units from behind your Battle Droid forces."

45207, "Viceroy Nute Gunray:  A mass of those foul creatures has assembled on the grassy plains outside of Theed."

45208, "Viceroy Nute Gunray:  Dispose of them."

45209, "OOM-9:  Yes Viceroy."

45210, "Viceroy Nute Gunray: The pitiful attempt by the Naboo to destroy our Droid Control Ship has failed."

45211, "Destroy the Gungan Monument south of the Grassy Plains."

45212, "Viceroy Nute Gunray:  what's taking so long?"

45213, "Viceroy Nute Gunray: this battle is cutting into our profit margin"

45214, "OOM-9: kill the monument"

45215, "Viceroy Nute Gunray: Commander!  We have received word from Lord Sidious"

45216, "Viceroy Nute Gunray:  His apprentice has landed on the outskirts of the swamp to the southeast."

45217, "Viceroy Nute Gunray:  Send a detachment to meet him."

45218, "Darth Maul:  I have killed the Jedi and now my Master bids me to assist you."

