45601, "Bursas"

45602, "Marsune"

45603, "The time of the Sacred Feast is upon us!  As tradition dictates, the Boss must search the forest for animals to feed the entire village.  Go into the forest and fulfill your customary duties as Boss of Otoh Sancture."

45604, "You can find the animals needed for the feast to the north of Otoh Sancture."

45605, "Villager:  The time has come to gather the animals for the great feast!"

45606, "Villager:  Gallo, as is the custom of our peoples, yousa must go into the forest and find the beasts!"

45607, "Gallo:  Mesa will bring back many fine animals for the munchen."

45608, "Capture five animals for the Great Feast."

45609, "Villagers:  Oh no!  Bursas!"

45610, "Villagers: Wesa are under attack!  Hep!"

45611, "Gallo:  No! Mesa people are bein' destroyen!"

45612, "Gallo:  What will mesa do now?"

45613, "Marsune:  What are yousa doing out in the forest all by yousa self?"

45614, "Gallo:  Please, mesa Gallo, boss of Otoh Sancture."

45615, "Gallo:  Mesa town was destroyen by Bursas.  Can yousa hep mesa?"

45616, "Marsune:  Disen not mesa problem, townfolk!  But mesa might have a deal for yousa."

45617, "Marsune:  Bring mesa five food animals and mesa might be convincen to given yousa some worker glurrgs."

45618, "Trade Marsune five nerfs for his four Glurrgs."

45619, "Marsune:  Oh ho, very good, Gallo.  Here are yousa glurrgs then."

45620, "Marsune:  Good luck in yousa grand quest!  Ha ha!"

45621, "Boss Gallo must survive."

45622, "Oh no!  Gallo has died.  We are lost!"

45623, "Boss Gallo:  Look!  Are thosen militiagungs mesa see with the bursas?"

45624, "Boss Gallo: Who are yousa, Gungan?"

45625, "Boss Gallo: Why do yousa lead deesen creatures against yousa fellow Gungans?"

45626, "Gungan:  Not mesa, Gallo.  Boss Rogoe orderen yousa death."

45627, "Boss Gallo: Boss Rogoe?  Bah, why do yousa spake such lies?"

45628, "Gungan:  Not lies, truth!  Rogoe liven, and hesa sent the bursas to pound yousa for good!"

45629, "Gungan:  Rogoe figures hesa pound Gallo before Gallo decides hesa wants to fight!"

45630, "Boss Gallo:  Rogoe got more than hesa bargained for with disen Gungan!"

45631, "Boss Gallo:  Yousa go tell yousa boss that Gallo is coming for him-sa!"

45632, "Gallo:  Mesa must rebuild Otoh Sancture, in memory of all da brave Gungans wesa lost."

45633, "Gallo:  Marsune!  Yousa have returnen!"

45634, "Marsune:  Mesa thought about yousa words."

45635, "Marsune:  Mesa haven no stomach for this Rogoe.  Mesa wish to see him-sa fall!"

