45801, "Rogoe Militiagungs"

45802, "Otoh Jahai"

45803, "Otoh Langua"

45804, "Otoh Urs"

45805, "Otoh Raban"

45806, "Bursa Clan"

45807, "The appearance of Rogoe has pushed the Gungan tribes further into conflict.  Rogoe’s mischief has made land and resources scarce, and the Bosses fight over what little is left. \n\nGallo must ride to each of their villages and convince the Bosses to join his crusade to vanquish the dreaded Rogoe..."

45808, "1.  You begin with nothing but goodwill and a kaadu.  Visit the village Bosses and find out what they need. \n\n2. As you fulfill requests, you’ll receive tribute from the Bosses, usually troops. \n\n3. The more dangerous tasks are best saved for later, when you’ve built up a sizable fighting force."

45809, "In Fourteen Hundred and Ninety Two, Boss Gallo sailed the ocean blue..."

45810, "Boss Gallo: Marsune, wesa must convincen the bosses to stop fighting each other."

45811, "Marsune: 'Tis a difficult task yousa set for usen, Gallo.  Long have the cities been at war.  Much bitterness between them-sa."

45812, "Marsune:  But mesa will do what mesa can."

45813, "Boss Gallo:  Wesa ask yousa hep in defeating oursa common enemy, Rogoe!"

45814, "Boss Tenko:  Otoh Langua stole our-sa sacred staff.  If they-sa return it, then wesa might talk peace."

45815, "Boss Hantic:  Otoh Jahai isen crazy!  Wesa do not have their artifact!  Until they-sa realize dat, there will be fighten' between usen."

45816, "Boss Hantic:  Wesa have problems of oursa own.  The wars haven depleted oursa treasury."

45817, "Boss Hantic:  But if wesa stop fighten' now, there will be now way to get back oursa wealth."

45818, "Marsune: Gallo, mesa heard rumors of a stronghold in the forest."

45819, "Marsune:  Tis run by Rogoe's militiagungs, to hiden the crystals stolen from the Gungan tribes."

45820, "Marsune: Wesa mighten find enough nova crystals there for Otoh Langua."

45821, "Boss Gallo: Here is the staff of Otoh Jahai.  Otoh Langua did noah have it after all."

45822, "Boss Copek:  Boss Gallo, mesa have heard of yousa suffering and mesa sympat-tize.."

45823, "Boss Copek:  Yousa think yousa town was the only one to face those beasts?"

45824, "Boss Copek:  Wesa must reserve our-sa soldiers to fighten the bursa raids."

45825, "Villager: Very recently, our Boss was taken prisoner by one of the bombad evil tribes!"

45826, "Villager:  Until hesa is returned safe and sound, it will be war for usen!"

45827, "Marsune:  Rogoe has a prison camp to the north of hair."

45828, "Marsune: Maybe disen where the Boss of Otoh Raban was taken."

45829, "Boss Hoxie: Thank yousa, Gallo.  Mesa was in this prison a longo time!"

45830, "Boss Hoxie: Return mesa to my city, and mesa will swear allegiance to yousa."

45831, "Use Boss Gallo to find Otoh Jahai's sacred staff.  Then bring him back to the Gungan Temple."

45832, "Boss Tenko:  Yousa have returned our Staff!  Wesa will do as yousa ask, Gallo."

45833, "Destroy Rogoe's Spaceport to acquire 1000 Nova crystals.  Send Gallo or Marsune back to Otoh Langua with the Nova."

45834, "Boss Hantic:  With oursa treasury restocked, there is noah need to fight oursa neighbors.  Wesa will join yousa, Gallo."

45835, "Wipe out the Bursas southeast of Otoh Urs.  Send Gallo or Marsune back to Otoh Urs after the deed is done."

45836, "Boss Copek:  Mesa see many bursa pelts on yousa warrior's backs!"

45837, "Boss Copek:  Tis good news indeed.  Wesa are with yousa Boss Gallo."

45838, "Free the Boss of Otoh Raban from Rogoe's prison camp.  Any soldiers imprisoned there will be emboldened by your daring, and will join your cause."

45839, "Villager:  The boss has returned!"

45840, "Villager:  Wesa are at your service, Gallo."

45841, "Rogoe's MilitiaGung:  Wesa send word from usen master."

45842, "Rogoe's MilitiaGung:  Hisen will have yousa head on hisen staff before the next full moon, Gallo!"

45843, "Marsune:  Yousa did it, Gallo!  Yousa have united the tribes!"

