46200, "Boss Nass"
46201, "Otoh Gunga Refugees"
46202, "Queen Amidala"
46203, "OOM-9"
46204, "Trade Federation troops have discovered Otoh Gunga.  Even now, their mechanized armies are laying waste to the underwater city.  The Gungan people have fled for their lives and wander the swamps, scattered and demoralized. \n\nBring Boss Nass to the Gungan Sacred Place, so he can seek counsel with his advisors."
46205, "1.  The transports contain the last ruler of proud Otoh Gunga.  Keep the transports from harm.\n\n2.  Be ready to destroy any Federation incursion into sacred Gungan territory.\n\n3. The only way to eliminate Trade Federation attacks entirely will be to find and destroy their troop center, but take care to keep an eye on Nass’s safety while you search for it."
46206, "Gungan Scout:  Wesa mucho honor, Boss Nass.  Wesa waitin' on you.  Follow mesa to deh Sacred Place."
46207, "Bring Boss Nass to the Sacred Place"
46208, "Boss Nass:  Ah.. Dissen good.  Now wesa build a grand army again, and maken ready for deh bombad war wit deh mackineeks."
46209, "Boss Nass:  Now dat Otoh Gunga issa no more, wesa must unite all deh Gungans at deh Sacred Place.  Taken dese transports up deh channel, until yousa reach deh end."
46210, "Boss Nass:  Careful boyos!  Avoid those monsters, or wesa bein crunchen!"
46211, "Gungan Scout: Uh-oh, Boss Daddy.  Wesa got mackineeks settin' campen, not too far away."
46212, "Boss Nass: Hmm...wesa better act soon.  Best be wipen dem out quick."
46213, "At least one military vessel and one transport must survive to carry on Otoh Gunga's legacy."
46214, "Destroy the Trade Federation encampment."
46215, "Boss Nass:  Ha ha, deh mackineeks is destroy-ed, theysa fallen to Gungan army.  Dissa muy good ting.  But mesa feelin' like mesa tinkin somethin' else comin' troo deh swamp.  Maybe somethin' good dis time."
46216, "\n"
46217, "Amidala:  Greetings, Your Honor.  I am Queen Amidala of the Naboo.  I seek permission to journey to the Sacred Place and quickly! Trade Federation troops have spotted us."
46218, "Boss Nass:  Yousa permission granted."
46219, "Queen Amidala:  Thank you.  We do not wish to endanger your people.  We shall traverse the swamp ourselves."
46220, "Royal Trooper: Your Highness, I am receiving a transmission from the Naboo resistance.  They are under attack, somewhere nearby."
46221, "Queen Amidala: Then we must find them quickly and lend them aid."
46222, "Bring Queen Amidala to the Sacred Place."
46223, "Boss Nass:   Ah, the Queen has arrived.  Haven’t yousa Naboo caused us enough trouble?"
46224, "Queen Amidala:  I come before you in peace.  Your Honor, our two societies have always lived in peace until now.  The Trade Federation has destroyed all that we have worked so hard to build.  I ask you to help us...no, I beg you to help us."
46225, "Boss Nass:  Hmmm... Maybe wesa bein' friends.  Wesa ready to help yousa people. Wesa ready to help all of Naboo. Wesa ready to do our part."
