47200, "Darth Vader"

47201, "Falcon Base"

47202, "Raven Base"

47203, "Dodonna's Forces"

47204, "Reinforcements"

47205, "Debris from the shattered Death Star rains on the moons of Yavin, as the cowardly Rebels flee from our terrible vengeance. \n\nThe Imperial response was swift.  A blockade of Yavin IV caught several Rebels trying to escape, and stranded many others on the surface.  Squadrons of TIE Fighters and Speeder Bikes scour the surface for stragglers. \n\nThe Dark Lord himself has landed near the Massassai ruins that house the Rebel base, intent on finding the military mastermind behind the destruction of the Death Star. \n\nLocate and capture General Jan Dodonna."

47206, "1. Keep moving.  Dodonna is your main target so don't get bogged down destroying every Rebel structure. Concentrate on military buildings to protect your flanks. \n\n2. Darth Vader is a fierce warrior, but even he can be overwhelmed by an ambush.  Keep troops nearby at all times to ensure his survival."

47207, "Stormtrooper: We must destroy the Rebel Sentry Towers so they cannot alert the main base!"

47208, "Darth Vader: That should slow them down for a while."

47209, "Darth Vader: Now that the sentries are down, we can bring in reinforcements."

47210, "Darth Vader: The Rebels are sure to have lookouts to warn them of approaching danger."

47211, "Darth Vader: Be sure and eliminate them."

47212, "Locate General Dodonna."

47213, "[Optional] Destroy the Rebel Sentry Towers."

47214, "Star Destroyer Commander: Lord Vader, we are sending some TIE Bombers on a bombing run."

47215, "Star Destroyer Commander: They should help you make short work of those rebels."

47216, "Darth Vader must survive."

47217, "Stormtrooper: The Dark Lord of the Sith has perished."

47218, "Watch for Rebel sentry posts and scouts."

47219, "Darth Vader: Keep moving commander."

47220, "Darth Vader: We will need to eliminate any lingering rebels."

47221, "Stormtrooper: Sir, we've found the main Rebel base."

47222, "Stormtrooper: It is heavily defended with remote turrets."

47223, "Stormtrooper: Lord Vader, General Dodonna has retreated into the main temple."

47224, "Darth Vader: Hold your positions here."

47225, "Darth Vader: Make sure no one escapes."

47226, "Darth Vader: Once we take out their air defenses, I have a special surprise waiting for them."

47227, "Darth Vader: Excellent work, General."

47228, "General Jan Dodonna: The surprise is mine, bucketheads!"

47229, "Rebel Trooper: We must stop them from reaching the Temple!"

47230, "General Jan Dodonna: Fall back!"

47231, "Destroy the Rebel Missile Turrets."

47232, "Captain Tarpals must survive."

47233, "Jar Jar Binks must survive."

