47600, "Galactic Empire"

47601, "Rebel Army"

47602, "Rebel Navy"

47603, "Rebel Air Force"

47604, "Governor Belladar’s loyalties are suspect.  Assigned to govern the Imperial occupation of Reytha years ago, he has become soft at best, a traitor at worst. \n\nWith or without his assistance, the Rebel cause has struck a chord in the gullible Reythan workforce.  Many have abandoned their farms to join the Rebels, converting the Montrosa islands into a base from which they raid the storehouses they once filled with food. \n\nEliminate the Rebel presence in the Montrosa islands."

47605, "1. The Rebels will use their individual strengths to support each other. Focus your attacks on one base at a time. \n\n2. Air will be the biggest threat, so deal with them first. A rear base on the western corner of the map supplies the airforce with resources. \n\n2. Eliminate the Rebel Navy next.  With slightly less mobility than the air force, they’ll prove a consistent source of harassment. \n\n3. Without air and naval support, the army should be easy to defeat."

47606, "Reytha Governor:  Lord Vader, our intelligence reports that we're picking up three Rebel storage facilities in the islands of Montrosa. "

47607, "Reytha Governor:  Each is guarded by a Rebel Base.  "

47608, "Reytha Governor:  They have set up an intricate system of AquaHarvesters as well."

47609, "Darth Vader: Governor Belladar, why has this Rebel infiltration been tolerated so long? "

47610, "Reytha Governor: I don't understand the question, Lord Vader..."

47611, "Darth Vader: Let me put it in simpler terms. "

47612, "Reytha Governor:  <choking>"

47613, "Darth Vader:  Did that clarify things governor?"

47614, "Darth Vader:  This is Vader to all Imperial troops on Reytha. Converge on the Montrosa Islands."

47615, "Darth Vader: Converge on the Montrosa Islands. "

47616, "Defeat the Rebel Navy by destroying their Shipyards."

47617, "Defeat the Rebel Army by destroying their military buildings (Troop Center, Mech Factory, Heavy Weapons Factory)."

47618, "Defeat Rebel Airpower by destroying their Airbases. "

47619, "Darth Vader:  It seems as though this base is helping to defend the airfield."

47620, "Darth Vader: If we destroy them, the airfield will be an easier target.  "

47621, "Stormtrooper:  The last base is destroyed, Lord Vader. "

47622, "Darth Vader: Excellent work. "

47623, "Stormtrooper: We have intercepted some important datafiles."

47624, "Darth Vader: Yes?"

47625, "Stormtrooper:  Apparently it concerns Rebel fleet activity."

47626, "Darth Vader:  Excellent, Commander.  Now their failure on Reytha is nearly complete."

47627, "Stormtrooper: Lord Vader, we have recaptured an aquaharvester. "

47628, "Stormtrooper:  As long as they remain under our control, we will collect their resources."

47629, "Imperial Destroyer Captain: Lord Vader, our vessels can't withstand the Rebel Air attacks!"

47630, "Darth Vader: Very well, concentrate our forces on the Airbase on the far island. "

47631, "Darth Vader:  Excellent.  Now we shall move south and show them the might of the Imperial Navy.  "

47632, "Darth Vader: We have eliminated their naval power. "

47633, "Darth Vader:  Now for the final stroke. "

47634, "Darth Vader: All forces, converge on the northern island and wipe the Rebels out.  "

47635, "Stormtrooper:  We've destroyed a Rebel base. "

47636, "Stormtrooper: Transferring food to our storehouses. "

47637, "Darth Vader must survive."

47638, "Stormtrooper: We have lost Lord Vader."

47639, "[Optional] Destroy the rear base supporting the Rebel Air Force."

47640, "Darth Vader:  Well done -- their armies have been eliminated. "

