48200, "Galactic Empire"

48201, "Bespin Security Force"

48202, "Rebel Alliance"

48203, "Lando's Commandos"

48204, "Bespin"

48205, "Cloud City, a mining colony and gambling resort floating over the gas giant Bespin, was careful not to make waves with the Empire.  The most recent administrator, Lando Calrissian, was prompt with his tributes, and maintained healthy reserves of Tibanna gas for Imperial use at a moment’s notice. No one could have guessed a profiteer like Calrissian would sacrifice his lucrative position and betray the Empire. \n\nHis last act as administrator was to broadcast an evacuation order to the citizenry. He then invited the Rebels to scuttle the city, to keep it out of Imperial hands. \n\nYou must prevent the Rebels from sabotaging the Gravity Control Generators that keep Cloud City afloat."

48206, "1. There are no natural resources on Bespin. Destroy any storehouses and raid them for supplies. \n\n2. Workers are in short supply; one shuttle has several aboard. Without them, you will not be able to resupply your initial landing force.\n\n3. Some of the Gravity Control Generators are located in the inner ring of the city. You will need to airlift your armies to reach them."

48207, "Darth Vader: We have traced the rebels to Cloud City."

48208, "Darth Vader: They are hiding amongst the rest of the rabble."

48209, "Darth Vader: We must eliminate them and all who stand in our path."

48210, "Scout the perimeter and secure a safe place to land the invasion force."

48211, "Stormtrooper: Lord Vader, we are picking up traces of resources in those large storehouses."

48212, "Darth Vader: Rebel fools, they have conveniently left their resources in one place for us to supply our armies."

48213, "Darth Vader: Commander, destroy those storehouses and claim their resources in the name of the Emperor."

48214, "Stormtrooper: Lord Vader, these gravity generators control the city's elevation and position above the surface."

48215, "Darth Vader: You must keep them from destroying more than half of the Gravity Generators."

48216, "Darth Vader: If you fail, Cloud City will drop from the sky, taking you and your forces along with it."

48217, "Darth Vader: Once we secure the generators, the rest of the city should fall into our hands."

48218, "Stormtrooper: Lord Vader, the Rebels have erected a monument."

48219, "Darth Vader: Commander, destroy that hideous creation at once."

48220, "Darth Vader: We must teach a harsh lesson to those who oppose the Empire."

48221, "Darth Vader: Excellent work, now clear this debris and construct a tribute to our glorious Emperor."

48222, "Destroy the Rebel Monument."

48223, "Fight your way to one of the Gravity Generators."

48224, "Darth Vader: Congratulations, commander, you've added another world to the Galactic Empire."

48225, "Darth Vader: And you've earned yourself a promotion."

48226, "Stormtrooper: Lord Vader, we are picking up traces of resources in those large storehouses."

48227, "Darth Vader: Rebel fools, they have conveniently left their resources in one place for us to supply our armies."

48228, "Darth Vader: Commander, destroy those storehouses and claim their resources in the name of the Emperor."

48229, "Seize control of the Gravity Control Generators by eliminating the defenses surrounding them."

