48400, "Endor Defense Force"
48401, "Rebel Commandos"
48402, "Rebel Alliance"
48403, "Chirpa's Commandos"
48404, "Wicket's Warriors"
48405, "The loss of the second Death Star at Endor was a minor blow, compared to the death of the Emperor himself.  The Emperor was the Empire. \n\nWhat if the Rebels had failed?  Would absolute galactic control now be ours? \n\nIn this simulation, you will endeavor to change the course of history on the forest moon of Endor.  Defend the Shield Generator, protect the Death Star II, and secure victory for the Emperor."
48406, "1. Maintain positions around the Shield Generator. The enemy will come to you. \n\n2.Only when you have gathered enough troops should you send them in search of the hidden Rebel bases. \n\n3. The native Ewoks are surprisingly ferocious. You will stop their attacks only by destroying their military huts."
48407, "Defend the Shield Generator at all costs!"
48408, "Darth Vader: Our new Death Star is almost complete."
48409, "Darth Vader: The Rebel fleet has massed above us, doubtless with the intent of destroying it."
48410, "Darth Vader: They have sent a strike force, and along with the natives, are trying to mount an assault."
48411, "Darth Vader: We must prevent them from destroying the Shield Generator."
48412, "Darth Vader: The Imperial Command Center must not fall into Rebel hands."
48413, "Darth Vader: The Shield Generator must not be destroyed."
48414, "Stormtrooper: They've broken through the rear bunker walls!"
48415, "Stormtrooper: They've broken through the rear bunker!"
48416, "Darth Vader: Send troops to defend that area."
