49000, "Princess Leia"

49001, "Strike force Alpha"

49002, "Ghost Base"

49003, "Le' Roche"

49004, "A Jedi Master!  How could it be?  Hadn’t her father told her they were extinct? \n\nAnd yet, she was rescued by, and traveling with, a man who was possibly the last of the Jedi order. Leia gazed at him in wonder, and was surprised to discover him gazing back. \n\nShe put her questions aside and returned to her original goal: Find the Bothan spy, Utric Sandov."

49005, "1. Ghost Base must be nearby.  It may appear as any indigenous village.\n\n2. The Empire may have found Ghost Base first.  Be ready for any contingency.\n\n3. The Emperor has twisted his army's will to the dark side.  Any effort to convert them will only result in them taking their own lives."

49006, "Ghost base recaptured and information recieved."

49007, "After you crash landed you have already discovered that the empire is becoming well established on this planet.  They have set up many towers throughout the countryside in hopes of finding Rebel troops that might wonder by.  The time that was spent helping Peche and Theenes may very well have been enough time for the empire to find Ghost Base first."

49008, "Locate Ghost Base."

49009, "Princess Leia: The Empire's discovered the base."

49010, "Princess Leia: We need to take our base back."

49011, "Get Princess Leia, C-3PO and Jedi Master Echuu to the island of Le'Roche to pick up backup support for your next mission."

49012, "Princess Leia: If we can free those imprisoned Rebel forces, we'll have a better chance."

49013, "[Optional] Rescue the captured worker droids to the North of Ghost Base by destroying the turret that is guarding them."

49014, "Princess Leia must survive."

49015, "C-3PO: The Princess is dead."

49016, "Jedi Master Echuu must survive."

49017, "C-3PO: I'm afraid Master Echuu has passed on."

49018, "Princess Leia: O.k., troops, let's get to Ghost Base."

49019, "Princess Leia: We'll have to be careful."

49020, "Princess Leia: I'm sure the Empire has many patrols and turrets throughout these hills."

49021, "Locate Ghost Base."

49022, "Princess Leia: The Empire's discovered the base."

49023, "Princess Leia: We need to take our base back."

49024, "C-3PO must survive."

49025, "C-3PO: Oh dear - I'm destroyed."

49026, "C-3PO: The transports are waiting at the water's edge."

49027, "Recapture Ghost Base."

49028, "Princess Leia: Congratulations, troops."

49029, "Princess Leia: We've taken back Ghost base."

49030, "Echuu Shen-Jon: But Yittreas has escaped."

49031, "C-3PO: Princess, there is an incoming message from the Krantian Leader."

49032, "Krantian Leader: Schree teeelarra uteee reeese  teee Lee Rocheee."

49033, "C-3PO: The nearby island of Le'Roche holds many Krantian troops."

49034, "C-3PO: He has sent transports."

49035, "C-3PO: If we can get our transports there, we can defeat the Empire on Krant."

49036, "Utric Sandov: Princess, at last we meet."

49037, "Princess Leia: Sorry, we got a little sidetracked on the way here."

49038, "Utric Sandov: The information I bring you is grave."

49039, "Princess Leia: Go ahead, Utric."

49040, "Utric Sandov: The Empire has acquired the Vor'Na'Tu."

49041, "Princess Leia: You know of this Vor'Na'Tu, Echuu?"

49042, "Echuu Shen-Jon: It is an ancient Jedi artifact."

49043, "Utric Sandov: Darth Vader is in possession of the artifact, and is currently bound for the Geddes asteroid."

49044, "Utric Sandov: He doesn't have it yet."

49045, "Princess Leia: I'm going to the Geddes asteroid."

49046, "Princess Leia: Gear up, we're moving out."

49047, "Rebel Trooper: Moving out, your highness."

49048, "Princess Leia and C-3PO must survive."

