49400, "Rebel Search Party"

49401, "Reticul"

49402, "Reeche"

49403, "Libreck"

49404, "Magentic"

49405, "Hanoon "

49406, "Luke had never understood the timing of Jedi Masters.  Obi-Wan was gone for years before manifesting himself on Hoth.  Yoda lingered in the swamps of Dagobah for over a decade, seeming to accomplish little. \n\nNow Echuu had suddenly appeared to Leia, bidding her return to Geddes to finish what they had started seven years ago. Why he had waited until Geddes was a fully-developed Imperial colony was a mystery, but there was no doubt that his request could not be ignored. \n\nFind and recover the shards of the Vor’Na’Tu on the Imperial colony of Hanoon."

49407, "1. You will need a Jedi temple as early as possible to store the Vor'Na'Tu shards in. \n\n2. Luke is still new to the ways of the Force. He will be valuable in battle, but there are still many things he cannot do."

49408, "Princess Leia has received a vision from the Jedi Master Echuu requesting that she go to the asteroid New Geddes to collect the shards of the Vor'Na'Tu."

49409, "Luke Skywalker must survive."

49410, "C-3PO: Oh my, Master Luke has become one with the Force."

49411, "Princess Leia must survive."

49412, "C-3PO: The Princess is dead."

49413, "Take out the Imperial towers surrounding Reticul."

49414, "Hanoon Soldier: You've done it!  The shard is yours."

49415, "Hanoon Soldier: We'll give you control of our Command Center."

49416, "Hanoon Soldier: And workers."

49417, "Luke Skywalker: We need these workers to build a Jedi Temple capable of housing the shards."

49418, "Hanoon Soldier: Welcome to Reticul.  I am town leader."

49419, "Luke Skywalker: Greetings."

49420, "Luke Skywalker: We're looking for a certain crystal shard."

49421, "Hanoon Soldier: There are Imperial turrets surrounding our village."

49422, "Hanoon Soldier:The Empire would punish us."

49423, "Luke Skywalker: What if we were to eliminate the Imperial towers surrounding this town?"

49424, "Hanoon Soldier: In that case, yes, we would turn over the shard."

49425, "Tribute 500 carbon and 500 nova to Reeche."

49426, "Hanoon Soldier: You've done it!  The shard is yours. "

49427, "Rescue the town leader and destroy any Imperial troop centers at Libreck."

49428, "Hanoon Soldier: You've done it! The shard is yours."

49429, "Hanoon Leader: Thank you!"

49430, "Lathe Parthenian: I am Excellency Lathe Parthenian, ruler of the Hanoon Imperial Resistance."

49431, "Hanoon Soldier: Some of us would like to join your cause."

49432, "Destroy The Imperial Fortress at Magentic."

49433, "Hanoon Soldier: You've completed the mission.  The shard is yours."

49434, "Hanoon Soldier: Welcome to Reeche.  What can I do for you?"

49435, "Princess Leia: We seek the shards of a special crystal."

49436, "Hanoon Soldier: Yes, and we will give you this crystal if you pay us a tribute."

49437, "Hanoon Soldier: You need to collect 500 Carbon and 500 nova crystals and we'll give you the crystal."

49438, "Hanoon Soldier: This is the town of Libreck."

49439, "Luke Skywalker: We're looking for a certain crystal shard."

49440, "Hanoon Soldier: We are under the control of the Empire."

49441, "Hanoon Soldier: Destroy the Imperial Garrison and rescue our town leader."

49442, "Hanoon Soldier: And you can have the shard."

49443, "Hanoon Soldier: Word of your arrival on our world has spread."

49444, "Hanoon Soldier: There is an Imperial Fortress on the edge of town."

49445, "Hanoon Soldier: Level it and you can have the shard."

49446, "Princess Leia: This place sure has changed a lot since I was last here."

49447, "Princess Leia: Now they have a nicer world to enslave."

49448, "Luke Skywalker: I sense one of the shards nearby. "

49449, "Gather the 4 shards of the Vor'Na'Tu and store them in a Jedi Temple."

49450, "Luke Skywalker: All of the shards belong to us now, Leia. "

49451, "Hanoon Leader: The way to New Geddes is paved."

49452, "Excellency Lathe Parthenian must survive."

49453, "C-3PO: Oh, my oh my!"

49454, "Reeche has been defeated."

49455, "Reticul has been defeated."

49456, "Libreck has been defeated."

49457, "Magentic has been defeated."

