49600, "Luke Skywalker"

49601, "New Geddes"

49602, "Hanoon "

49603, "The people of Hanoon have risked their lives to aid a couple of idealistic Rebels.  They deserve our help.  But as long as the Imperials control the terraform process, they effectively hold the colonists hostage. \n\nYour first task is to sneak into the city of New Geddes and capture the Main Terraform Processor, the atmosphere generating station for the entire asteroid.  You have worker droids in a transport in the canal; they must survive to reprogram the Main Terraform Processor. \n\nOnce the Processor is captured you will have to protect it from retaliatory attacks and remove Moff Yittreas from power."

49604, "1. The Empire is confident in their defenses at this secluded outpost, but they will quickly wake up to the threat if the Terraform Processor is captured. \n\n2. Protect your powerful long-range units against attack; they are invaluable against the defenses of the Imperial stronghold. \n\n3. Your worker droids carry a large supply of resources aboard their transport.  They will enable you to build a strong defense early. \n\n4. Build a powered Airbase soon.  Be prepared to respond to any threat."

49605, "The Empire is alerted to your presence after your liberation of the town centers on the North side of the asteroid and are prepared to withstand any frontal assault.  It is also likely that in an act of desperation the Empire is not short of being able to shut down the Main atmosphere generator system thus turning off life support to the entire asteroid."

49606, "Luke must survive."

49607, "Use worker droids to capture the Main Terraform Processor."

49608, "Princess Leia: We've got the Terraform Processor!"

49609, "Main Terraform Processor must not be destroyed."

49610, "The Main Terraform Processor was destroyed."

49611, "Hanoon Leader: Now is the time to strike at the heart of the Imperial murderers."

49612, "Hanoon Leader: Moff Yittreas will finally be vanquished with his Imperial supporters."

49613, "Hanoon Leader: If you help us, Hanoon will pledge its support to the New Republic."

49614, "Princess Leia: We'll need to capture the main Terraform Processor to win this war."

49615, "Luke Skywalker: The best way to get our worker droids in is through the canals."

49616, "Luke Skywalker: We must help them reach the main terraform processor."

49617, "Luke must defend the Jedi Temple."

49618, "Luke Skywalker: These shards are too dangerous to have around."

49619, "Princess Leia: That's exactly what Echuu concluded."

49620, "Luke Skywalker: He sounds like he was a wise man."

49621, "Luke Skywalker: And the shards have been turned to a fine dust."

49622, "Luke Skywalker: The wind is already spreading them to the four corners of this world."

49623, "Hanoon Leader: My sincerest thanks for your efforts on behalf of the Hanoon people and our new world."

49624, "Protect the Main Terraform Processor for 30 min."

49625, "Luke Skywalker: I feel a great disturbance in the Force."

49626, "Luke Skywalker: Someone is trying to break into the building holding the shards."

49627, "Luke Skywalker: We need to get back to the Jedi Temple."

49628, "Luke Skywalker: I need to get to the Shards of Vor'Na'Tu before the temple is destroyed."

49629, "All worker droids were destroyed."

49630, "Luke Skywalker: The temple is destroyed."

49631, "Luke Skywalker: we need to get back to the Jedi temple."

49632, "Moff Yittreas must be eliminated."

49633, "Hanoon Leader: Yittreas is dead."

49634, "Princess Leia must survive."

49635, "C-3PO: The Princess is dead."

49636, "C-3PO: Oh my, Master Luke has become one with the Force."

