50000, "The Heroes"
50001, "Imperial Garrison"
50002, "Imperial Scout Camp"
50003, "Stormtrooper Barracks"
50004, "Control Bunker"
50005, "Ewoks"
50006, "We’ve fallen into the Emperor’s trap.  What we thought was going to be a pre-emptive strike against a half-built Death Star has rapidly become a nightmare.  The massed Imperial fleet is corralling Rebel capital ships into range of the Death Star’s operational lasers.  Entire starships are being atomized with a single blast. In this firestorm, the Rebel fleet can’t last another hour. \n\nWe can’t fight the entire Imperial Navy, and we can’t even approach the heavily-shielded Death Star.  Our only hope lies on the tiny forest moon of Endor, where a team of commandos prepares to assault the massive shield generator that protects the Death Star. \n\nDestroy the Endor Shield Generator and ensure the survival of the Rebel Alliance!"
50007, "1. The Imperial Forces have divided their own forces, establishing several camps among the trees.  It would be wise to scout the camps before attacking, and attack the less defended ones first. \n\n2. Careful exploration of the map may reveal Ewok forces eager to lend a hand. Don’t underestimate the savagery of their attacks!  \n\n3. The central Imperial base is very well-defended;  a head-on attack will prove costly."
50008, "History schmistory... this is Endor.\nit's the Ewoks' world, we just live in it."
50009, "Bring Han, Leia, and R2-D2 to the Shield Generator's Control Bunker."
50010, "Han, Leia, C-3PO, R2-D2, and Wicket all must survive."
50011, "Destroy the Stormtrooper Barracks to clear the safest path to the Shield Generator Bunker."
