51000, "Han and Chewie"

51001, "Galactic Empire"

51002, "Trandoshan Slavers"

51003, "Shoran's Defenders"

51004, "Imperial Depot"

51005, "After Endor, the Rebel Alliance received a lot of petitions for help.  It seemed that any fool with a Star Destroyer under his command was claiming some occupied world for himself.  The Rebels couldn’t help everyone at once. \n\nThe situation on Kashyyyk was bad enough to put this planet on the top of their list. But they’d never know it if Han and Chewie couldn’t get the message out. \n\nNow we know the signal jammers are at Chenachochan. Bring your forces there and destroy them!"

51006, "1. Chenachochan is well defended, but there is a less perilous route into their base. \n\n2. Take Han and Chewbacca to investigate the supply depot to the Southwest. They are master negotiators. \n\n3. A Trandoshan prison camp to the Northeast is holding captured Wookiee ships. They will be helpful in destroying one of the Imperial jammers."

51007, "Han Solo:  Chewie, I just heard from one of your bowcaster troopers that there's a heavily damaged Heavy Weapons Factory over in Tunnatutikan."

51008, "Han Solo: If we could get it up and running again, we could mount a pretty sizable offense against that Moff and the Trandoshans."

51009, "Proceed downriver to the city of Tunnatutikan and establish a base."

51010, "Shoran: RooaaaR!!"

51011, "Han Solo: Han. Han Solo."

51012, "Chewbacca: GraaaaaHH! Raa!"

51013, "Han Solo: I'm with Chewie."

51014, "Shoran:  *grunt grunt*"

51015, "Han Solo: Good to meet you, Shoran."

51016, "Chewbacca:  Haaa graoa!"

51017, "Destroy all three signal jammers so Han can contact the Alliance."

51018, "Han Solo: Great!"

51019, "Chewbacca: Roaar!"

51020, "Han Solo: This is Han Solo to the New Republic Headquarters."

51021, "Han Solo: Come in please!"

51022, "Han Solo: We need you to send reinforcements immediately."

51023, "Han Solo: Repeat, we need you to send reinforcements immediately."

51024, "Chewbacca:  Graaah?"

51025, "Han Solo: I don't know."

51026, "Han Solo: I can't be sure they got the message."

51027, "Destroy the Imperial Command Center at Chenachochan."

51028, "Han Solo: Hey Chewie, is that what I think it is?"

51029, "Chewbacca:  Roar!  Grah?"

51030, "Han Solo:  I don't know, pal. That Imperial depot could be a trap."

51031, "Han Solo:  But you're right, we could definitely use those walkers."

51032, "Depot Guard:  Halt!  This is a restricted area.  State your business!"

51033, "Han Solo: We're here to, uhh...inspect those walkers."

51034, "Depot Guard:  Show me your authorization!"

51035, "Han Solo:  Alright.  Chewie?  Show him our authorization."

51036, "Chewbacca:  ROAR!!!!!"

