52800, "Chewbacca"

52802, "We have discovered a Trade Federation camp to the North. Learn to explore the map and transport troops, then destroy their troop center."

52803, "1. The Trade Federation is nearby.  Be wary but unafraid as you scout the area.\n\n2. A diverse army is the best army.\n\n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -\nAdvanced Tips:\n\nNormal troopers are very weak against buildings; mounted troopers can tear them down much more quickly.\n\nSlaughter nerfs for quick food gains or place them in a nursery to slowly gather more food from them over the long term. The choice is yours.\n\nYou can Save your progress at any time.  Press F10 to access the Save and Load menus."

52804, "Congratulations!  "

52805, "We have failed!"

52806, "\n\n"

52807, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Trade Federation politics are an unsubtle blend of thievery and cowardice.  They are interested in quick profit, not an extended battle under the watchful eye of the Senate."

52808, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Chewbacca wants to show them that Alaris Prime will not be won cheaply."

52809, "Qui-Gon Jinn: We've repositioned ourselves near a portion of their army.  We're going to strengthen our forces and wipe them out."

52810, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Start by creating workers.  We have enough food now to make a dozen more.  The more workers we have, the faster we can gather resources."

52811, "Create a dozen workers to gather resources."

52812, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can assign jobs to your workers before they even show up by setting gather points.  Click on your Command Center, choose Set Gather Point button, then click on a muja fruit bush or tree if you want them to gather food or carbon."

52813, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You should create a Food Processing Center near your muja fruit bushes."

52814, "Create a Food Processing Center near the fruit bushes."

52815, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now you can make farms too.  Build them close to your Command Center or Food Processing Center."

52816, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Let me show you another source of food."

52817, "Qui-Gon Jinn: First, have your workers build a shipyard by the water’s edge.  "

52818, "Click a worker, then the military buildings button and click build shipyard."

52819, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You've built a Shipyard."

52820, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Do you see those jumping fish?  They’re too far out for your workers to catch."

52821, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Click on the Shipyard and select Build Utility Trawler."

52822, "Click on your Shipyard and click the Create Utility Trawler button."

52823, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Placing a shipyard can be tricky; look for a spot with mostly water but a little bit of land."

52824, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Your shipyard needs power to operate efficiently. If you haven’t built a power core near the water, you should do that now."

52825, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Select your new Utility Trawler and right-click on the jumping fish to begin gathering them."

52826, "Select your new Utility Trawler and RIGHT-click on the jumping fish to begin gathering them."

52827, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Chewbacca will need some help defending your workers."

52828, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Build a troop center and begin producing Bowcaster recruits."

52829, "To build a Troop Center click on a worker, then on the Military Building button, then on the Create Troop Center button."

52830, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now you can begin exploring."

52831, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Don’t go too far until you’ve created more recruits to protect the home front."

52832, "Qui-Gon Jinn: As you explore the map, you’ll find good places for your workers to build sentry posts."

52833, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Sentry posts keep an eye on parts of the map.  They’re even more effective at higher elevations."

52834, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ve got enough food to advance to the next tech level at your Command Center."

52835, "Click on your Command Center and choose Research Tech Level 2."

52836, "Qui-Gon Jinn: There are other buildings to speed up resource gathering too."

52837, "Qui-Gon Jinn: If you build a Carbon Processing Center near your woodcutters, they can bring wood to it instead of your Command Center."

52838, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can also build processing centers specifically for Nova crystals and metal."

52839, "Build a Carbon Processing Center and perhaps centers for Nova crystals and metal ore, too."

52840, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Tech level 2 provides even more ways to gather food."

52841, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Select one of your fishing ships and choose Build Aqua Harvester."

52842, "Qui-Gon Jinn: An AquaHarvester, like a farm, is a renewable food source that occasionally has to be rebuilt."

52843, "Use your Utility Trawler to build an AquaHarvester.  "

52844, "Qui-Gon Jinn: There are faster ways to explore the map too."

52845, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Have your workers build a mech factory.  Make sure it’s in the radius of a power core."

52846, "Build a Mech Factory within the radius of a power core."

52847, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Speeder bikes are weak in combat, but they greatly speed up exploring and reconnaissance."

52848, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Take it for a spin and uncover as much of the map as you can."

52849, "Use your scout to explore the map."

52850, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ve uncovered a lot of the map.  The Trade Federation must be on the other side of the river."

52851, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now I’ll show you how to cross the river.  Select your shipyard and build a transport ship."

52852, "Use your Shipyard to produce a Transport Ship."

52853, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now grab any Speeder Bikes you’ve built and right-click on the transport ship."

52854, "Qui-Gon Jinn: They’ll come down to the water’s edge and board the ship."

52855, "Board your Speeder Bikes onto the Transport Ship."

52856, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Move your transport to the other side of the river, click on the Unload button, and click where you want your units to unload."

52857, "Use your Transport Ship to move your Speeder Bikes to the other side of the river.  Look for a good area for unloading them."

52858, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now explore some more.  If you find trouble, keep moving.  Your Speeder Bikes are best used for exploring, not fighting."

52859, "Explore the map."

52860, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ve found the Trade Federation camp. "

52861, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Build some more troops at your troop center. You’ll need a dozen or more troopers to succeed."

52862, "Qui-Gon Jinn: If you build a 2nd troop center, you can also create troops there to build your army faster."

52863, "Build an army to attack the Trade Federation's base.  You can build a second Troop Center to produce more troops more quickly."

52864, "Qui-Gon Jinn: At your troop center, you can set a gather point for your troops down near the water."

52865, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can even set the gather point directly on the transport ship.  Troopers will be created, walk down, and board the ship until it’s full."

52866, "Qui-Gon Jinn: When you’ve ferried enough troopers across, attack the Trade Federation army."

52867, "Once your army is about twelve strong, attack the Trade Federation's base."

52868, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ve lost a lot of troops!  But don’t worry, you can create more at your troop center and try again."

52869, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Be careful, they’re still making Battle Droids!"

52870, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Destroy their troop center to shut them down for good!"

52871, "Destroy the Trade Federation Troop Center."

52872, "Defeat the Trade Federation's army and destroy their troop center to the North."

52873, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You've shown them what a formidable force Wookiees can be.  Perhaps they'll back off and leave us in peace."

52874, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Chewbacca is dead!  We must abort the mission."

52875, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Utility Trawlers gather and return food like workers.  The more you make, the more food you'll bring in."

52876, "Build two Speeder Bike scouts at your new Mech Factory."

52877, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now build a couple of Speeder Bikes."

52878, "Click on your new Troop Center and click the Create Recruit button twice to create two warriors."

52879, "Mounted Troopers are particularly effective in destroying walls, gates and buildings.  You can create them at your Troop Center."

