54000, "Sev'Rance Tann"
54001, "General Jor Drakas "
54002, "Mace Windu"
54003, "Yoda"
54004, "Jedi Allies"
54005, "Galactic Republic"
54006, "Player7"
54007, "Player8"
54008, "The Republic has arrived with their machines of war and a formidable army of Clone warriors. It is time to flee Geonosis!\n\nCount Dooku's trusted General Sev'Rance Tann must secure his escape from the planet. In a matter of minutes he will be heading to his personal ship located at the end of a twisting, war torn valley.\n\nCount Dooku has no time to waste, so Sev'Rance and her army must quickly clear the path of Republic forces before he arrives."
54009, "1. Tann is a persuasive leader.  If you assist some of the Confederacy troops along the path, they will undoubtedly join her."
54010, "Eliminate enemy units along the canyon path."
54011, "Sev'Rance Tann must survive."
54012, "Count Dooku must survive."
54013, "Assist Confederacy troops."
54019, "Confederacy forces have been able to drive back some of the more aggressive Republic troops.  As such, fighting will be difficult the further you proceed from the arena."
54020, "Abandoned Base"
54021, "Player2"
54022, "Player3"
54023, "Player4"
54024, "Player5"
54025, "Player6"
54026, "Player7"
54027, "Player8"
54028, "Located in the Outer Rim, the Kaer Orbital Platform is an ideal location for Sev'Rance to rebuild Count Dooku's army.\n\nOnce used as a droid manufacturing facility and long since abandoned by the Galactic Banking Clan, this old station should provide plenty of raw materials to produce troops and mechanized units.\n\nThere are several deactivated production centers that can be used to build new units to form an army. Capture these facilities and produce an adequate force in order to carry out Count Dooku's plan."
54029, "1. The Republic is most likely unaware of your presence on the platform.  However, time is precious and you should not dally in building Count Dooku's army."
54030, "Reactivate the old manufacturing facilities."
54031, "Build 20 Confederacy Troopers."
54032, "Build 20 Confederacy Strike Mechs."
54033, "Build 20 Confederacy Mech Destroyers."
54034, "Escort the 20 strike mechs and 20 mech destroyers back to the Confederacy transports."
54035, "[Optional] Destroy the Republic transport ships."
54039, "The Intergalactic Banking Clan evacuated this platform years ago, when the Hutt Cartel learned of its presence.  Many buildings were left abandoned and intact.  Preliminary scans indicate the location of these structures to the east and north from our landing site.  Many of the platforms still contain resource stockpiles; seek out these raw materials to build your base."
54040, "Republic Trade Outpost"
54041, "Boorka the Hutt"
54042, "Jawa Camp"
54043, "Mos Osnoe"
54044, "Player5"
54045, "Player6"
54046, "Player7"
54047, "Player8"
54048, "Tatooine is a harsh, untamed world, teeming with criminals and restless natives. General Tann must be careful in her dealings on this planet.\n\nBoorka the Hutt has sensitive information about a secret Republic project that he's willing to sell to the highest bidder. Count Dooku wishes General Tann to convince Boorka that it would be in his best interests to cooperate with the Confederacy.\n\nThe information he possesses must be secured by any means necessary!"
54049, "1. Be cautious as you make your way down the valley to Boorka's palace.  Many of his henchmen will be waiting to ambush your party.\n\n2. Once you've settled things with Boorka, you will most likely need to establish a base camp.  The outskirts of Mos Osnoe to the north contain many resources to get you started."
54050, "Find Boorka the Hutt.  Cut down any of his henchmen you meet along the way."
54051, "'Acquire' some worker droids from the local Jawa camp by destroying their Sandcrawler."
54052, "Destroy the Spaceport at the Republic Trade Outpost."
54053, "Zian Finnis must survive."
54054, "[Optional] Trade with the Mos Osnoe Spaceport to increase your Nova supply."
54059, "Be careful in your explorations.  The valley to the southeast of your landing site leads to Boorka the Hutt's palace.  To the south of that is the city of Mos Osnoe.  A Jawa settlement lies further west.  An unidentified camp has been detected just beyond our scanner's range due south of Mos Osnoe."
54060, "Shard Test Site"
54061, "Facet Test Site"
54062, "Eredenn Station"
54063, "Commander Kraen Weest"
54064, "Republic Army"
54065, "Player6"
54066, "Player7"
54067, "Kraen Weest"
54068, "With the information supplied by Boorka the Hutt, Sev'Rance Tann has located the cold world of Eredenn. This remote planet appears to be a secret Republic weapons testing facility.\n\nEredenn Base is unaware of the Confederacy presence in the system, so this operation should be swift and simple.\n\nLocate and capture any Decimators and uncover any information about where the Republic is manufacturing them."
54069, "1. Secure the minor bases and capture their Decimators before tackling the large base to the north."
54070, "Defeat the Republic bases and capture the Decimators."
54071, "Bring General Tann to the Decimator Laboratory."
54072, "Capture the Data Droid containing the Decimator Operational Codes."
54073, "[Optional] Eliminate the Republic Commander, Kraen Weest."
54074, "All Decimators must survive."
54075, "The Decimator Laboratory must survive."
54079, "ComScan reports indicate large ice plains to the north and east of our landing site. These ice fields are littered with building debris and vehicle wreckage.  This appears to be where they are testing the Decimator.  There is also a large Republic military compound to the north as well as two surrounding military installations."
54080, "Decimator Facilities"
54081, "Rwookawarrump"
54082, "Chendrrl"
54083, "Tayriiwook"
54084, "Llamitcuk"
54085, "Attianta"
54086, "Transmitter Guards"
54087, "Rwaawrrkoo"
54088, "Sev'Rance Tann possesses the Decimators, but she has no way to utilize them. The facilities on Alaris Prime should provide her with the means to bring them online.\n\nAlaris Prime is a Wookiee engineering and research colony. It is here that they developed and manufactured the Decimators. Tann must escort the Data Droid captured on Eredenn Prime to the Wookiee facilities in order to unlock the Decimator operational codes. Do not allow this droid to perish!\n\nAs a security measure, the Wookiees have established a communications tower that is capable of long range transmissions. It would be wise to destroy this tower in order to prevent the Republic from being alerted to our presence."
54089, "1. The Wookiee colonies are primarily to the North and South.  They are unprepared for a quick surprise attack.  However, it may be better to avoid them altogether."
54090, "Escort the Data Droid to the Decimator facilities."
54091, "Data Droid must survive."
54092, "Escort Tann and the Data Droid back to the landed Confederacy transports."
54093, "[Optional] Eliminate the Wookiee camps."
54094, "Destroy the Decimator facilities after unlocking the operational codes."
54095, "Destroy the Republic transmission tower."
54099, "Wookiee colonies are likely to be nearby.  If alerted to Tann's presence, they may try to send a signal to the Republic from the transmitter tower.  Scans show a mass of Republic buildings to the West.  The transmitter tower appears to be to the East."
