60100, "Darth Vader: Excellent, General Veers."
60101, "Darth Vader: I grow impatient with them."
60102, "Darth Vader: Decimate what remains of this base."
60103, "AT-AT Driver: We are sending some probe droids down to help locate the Rebels."
60104, "Stormtrooper: Sir, the Ion Cannon is too well-shielded!"
60105, "Darth Vader: General Veers, I need you to take down all power and shield generators so that I might begin my landing on Hoth."
60106, "Darth Vader: We have located the Rebels."
60107, "Darth Vader: When you reach the planet’s surface, locate the fleeing Rebels, and destroy their Airbases.   They cannot be allowed to escape."
60108, "Darth Vader: And destroy their Airbases so they can't flee the system."
60109, "Darth Vader: Excellent, I am sending General Veers down to assist."
60110, "Darth Vader: Pitiful!"
60111, "Darth Vader: Our Star Destroyer, the Transgressor, has been neutralized by the first shot."
60112, "Darth Vader: It appears they are trying to evacuate some of them off the planet from a location in the northeast."
60113, "Darth Vader: We don’t have time to wait for the AT-ATs to prepare for the ground assault."
60114, "Darth Vader: The shield generators should be off-line once it is destroyed."
60115, "Darth Vader: General Veers, the Rebels have their Ion Cannon on-line."
60116, "Darth Vader: It is firing into their evacuation path to clear the way."
60117, "Darth Vader: Destroy it now so we can prevent more losses and prevent the Rebels from leaving the system"
60118, "Darth Vader: General Veers, you must locate the main power generator."
60119, "General Maximilian Veers: The ion cannon is too well-shielded."
60120, "General Maximilian Veers: We must locate the main power generator."
60121, "General Maximilian Veers: We must locate the main power generator."
60122, "Darth Vader: Destroy the Cloud City Fortress."
60123, "Darth Vader: Destroy the Cloud City Command Center."
60124, "Darth Vader: And erect a Monument to the Emperor in its place."
60125, "Stormtrooper: Lord Vader, the citizens are attacking the Gravity Generators."
60126, "Darth Vader: You must keep them from destroying four of the eight Gravity Generators."
60127, "Darth Vader: Destroy the Cloud City Government Center."
60128, "Darth Vader: And erect an Imperial Palace in its place."
60129, "Darth Vader: And erect a Monument in its place."
60130, "Darth Vader: Destroy the Government Center."
60131, "Darth Vader: We must keep them from destroying more than two of the Gravity Generators."
60132, "Darth Vader: If we fail, Cloud City will drop from the sky, taking us and our forces along with it."
60133, "Darth Vader: Congratulations, commander, you've managed to defend the shield generator and thwart the plans of the Rebel Alliance.  A statue will be erected of you on the planet Coruscant."
60134, "Stormtrooper: Lord Vader, I believe I've spotted a stormtrooper with a Mike Jablonn in his mouth."
60135, "Darth Vader: The Shield Generator Bunker must not be destroyed."
60136, "Darth Vader: My lord, I believe that creature had a Mike Jablonn in its mouth."
60137, "Darth Vader: If you don't shape up, Colonel, you'll be harvesting Gaberwool from Gaberworms!"
60138, "Darth Vader: There goes the galaxy."
60139, "Boss Gallo: Where did theysa come from?"
60140, "Gungan Villager 1: There was nothing yousa could do, Gallo.  "
60141, "Gungan Villager 1: There were too many of themsa creatures."
60142, "Gungan Villager 1: No Gallo, stay outta the forest!  Many bandits liven there!"
60143, "Captain Marsune: Mesa will hep yousa in yousa grand quest, Gallo."
60144, "Captain Marsune: Ha ha, mesa hopen yousa last long enough to repay it, Gallo!"
60145, "Boss Gallo: Hair are the animals yousa asked for."
60146, "Gungan Trooper: Ah, the bursas are fallin' back! Wesa have reclaimed our village at last!"
60147, "Gungan Villager 1: Stay back, Gallo!  If yousa hurt me, my Boss will crunchen yousa for sure!"
60148, "Boss Gallo: Mesa will not forget disen, Marsune.  Mesa owen yousa a life-debbet."
60149, "Captain Marsune: Oh no!  Wesa lost Boss Gallo!"
60150, "Gungan Hovercraft Captain: Captain Marsune isen no more!  Wesa finished!"
60151, "Boss Ganne: Wesa joinin in your cause."
60152, "Boss Ganne: Count wesa in."
60153, "Boss Ganne: Wesa with yousa, Gallo!"
60154, "Boss Ganne: The cause is just."
60155, "Boss Ganne: Whatever yousa needin, wesa providin."
60156, "Boss Ganne: The Naboo holden are sittin' between usen and de' crunchy tasty four-leggeds. Wesa starving."
60157, "Boss Ganne: If yousa paste the holden an' and bring usen food, wesa be yousa allies forever."
60158, "Boss Ganne: Thanken Gallo!  Wesa have a life-debet with yousa!  Thesa warriors will be joinin yousa."
60159, "Boss Ganne: Yousa a bombad worthy boss, Gallo.  Yousa taken all dese resources, and usen them to pound the big brain Naboo!"
60160, "Boss Ganne: Wesa tinkin' about joinin yousa fight, Gallo. But wesa in bad shape. The bursas who liven outside dis village have killed too many Gungans."
60161, "Boss Ganne: If some brave an' smarty militagung could destroyen the bursas, then wesa given yousa everytin' to crunchen the holden!"
60162, "Boss Ganne: Look! Gallo's army wearin' bursa skins!  Wesa saved!  Yousa truly are boss of bosses!  Wesa with yousa!"
60163, "Boss Ganne: I heard tell of yousa, Gallo.  Yousa have been runnin' around the swamp, tryin' to unite the Gungan peoples."
60164, "Boss Ganne: De' only way to unite all the Gungans isen to fulfill the prophecy."
60165, "Boss Ganne: Once long ago, the Sacred Staff was inna temple of Otoh Jahai, and all Gungans were free to do as theysa wishen"
60166, "Boss Ganne: Itsa been said that when the Sacred Staff comes back to the temple, all Gungans will bein free again."
60167, "Boss Ganne: And the Gungan that bringen the staff would be declaren Boss of all Gungans"
60168, "Boss Ganne: What's dissen?  Whosa is it dat brings back the Sacred Staff, when noah else could find it?"
60169, "Boss Ganne: Tis Gallo, Boss of all Gungans!"
60170, "Boss Ganne: Ho ho!  Boss of all Gungans means little to mesa, until Gallo ridden the swamps of those Naboo!  But wesa will hep yousa in any way wesa can!"
60171, "Boss Ganne: Wesa follow noah Gungan until the Sacred Staff is returned to our temple!"
60172, "Boss Ganne: But then the Naboo came, spreadin' the Gungans far and wide, and the staff becomen' lost."
60173, "Gungan Villager 1: Gallo, mesa feel much sadness for yousa and yousa fallen village."
60174, "Gungan Villager 1: Itsa Boss Gallo. He comen to rid us of the Outlanders!"
60175, "Gungan Villager 1: Wesa hep yousa, Boss Gallo!"
60176, "Gungan Villager 1: Spearhead is ours. The Naboo have fled!"
60177, "Gungan Villager 2: Destroy the Naboo tech!  "
60178, "Gungan Villager 2: Hooray for Gallo!  Wesa pasten the Naboo!"
60179, "Gungan Villager 2: Psst!  Gallo!   Theresa entrance to the swamp behind disen camp.  Yousa can use it to getaway!"
60180, "Royal Grenade Trooper: Oh, let him go, what can he do to us now?  Let him rot in the swamp!"
60181, "Royal Grenade Trooper: Gallo, your days of sabotage are over.  Some royal justice should take care of the likes of you and your rabble!"
60182, "Royal Grenade Trooper: What?  Gungans with such weapons?  How is this possible?"
60183, "Royal Trooper: Quick, the prisoner is escaping!"
60184, "Royal Trooper: You won’t get away that easily, Gallo!"
60185, "Royal Trooper: Sir!  The city is under attack by the Gungans!"
60186, "Captain Marsune: Wesa needin to be freein Gallo from dar Naboo holden."
60187, "Captain Marsune: Wesa done it!"
60188, "Captain Marsune: Marsune!  Why have yousa helped usen?"
60189, "Captain Marsune: Wesa freein Gallo!"
60190, "Captain Marsune: If yousa maken all the Gungan tribes into one Grand Army, then mesa be joinin yousa."
60191, "Captain Marsune: Then I joinin."
60192, "Captain Marsune: Okey-day."
60193, "Captain Marsune: Bombad leadin’, Gallo. Yousa made all the Gungan tribes one.  Yousa the Boss now!  "
60194, "Captain Marsune: Now wesa marchen into Spearhead and freein all the Gungans from the Naboo!"
60195, "Captain Marsune: Spearhead is ours. The Naboo have fled!"
60196, "Captain Marsune: Mesa will give yousa all mesa haven, for yousa hep in defeaten' them-sa!"
60197, "Captain Marsune: Long ago mesa forsaken mesa honor for the lure of nova crystals."
60198, "Boss Gallo: Thankens for yousa brave deed, Marsune."
60199, "Boss Gallo: But time is runnin' low."
