60200, "Boss Gallo: Wesa needin to pound roads to find helpin friends."

60201, "Boss Gallo: Yousa still mesa ally, Marsune?"

60202, "Boss Gallo: That's mesa maxibig plan."

60203, "Boss Gallo: Thisa must be de' Sacred Staff.  Mesa will take it back to Otoh Jahai, and fulfill that prophecy!"

60204, "Boss Gallo: But our work is just beginnin’."

60205, "Boss Gallo: Yousa are a strong militiagung, Marsune. Mesa maken yousa Captain of the Grand Gungan Army!"

60206, "Boss Gallo: Rise up, Gungans!"

60207, "Boss Gallo: Mesa must searchen the deep, dark forest."

60208, "Boss Gallo: There mesa will find da Gungans who can hep usen."

60209, "Boss Gallo: Mesa have no choice."

60210, "Boss Gallo: Mesa Marsune, King of the Rogues!  "

60211, "Boss Nass: The Naboo taken too many of our people to worken in dere camps.  Noah one isen left to mine the nova crystals!  "

60212, "Boss Nass: If yousa broughten some nova crystals to the Gungans, Otoh Langua would standen behind yousa."

60213, "Boss Nass: Our baskets are overflowing with crystals nowsa!  Anytin' yousa need, wesa will given yousa, Boss Gallo!"

60214, "Boss Gallo: Mesa Boss Gallo, and mesa seek yousa hep to defeaten Rogoe!"

60215, "Gungan Trooper: Wesa are at your service, Gallo.  "

60216, "Gungan Villager 1: Wesa thank yousa for freeing usen!  What can wesa do to repay yousa?"

60217, "Boss Gallo: Yousa are free, Gungans!  Join usen, and together wesa can defeat Rogoe!"

60218, "Boss Ganne: But what can mesa do?"

60219, "Boss Ganne: Wesa are a small city, with little to offer."

60220, "Boss Copek: Perhaps if yousa helped us pounden those bursas, wesa could hep yousa against Rogoe"

60221, "Boss Ganne: Wesa don' daren given any troops to yousa! Otoh Raban would surely defeat usen."

60222, "Boss Ganne: For a thousand nova crystals, mesa might be convincen to make peace with the other cities."

60223, "Boss Ganne: All of oursa militiagungs will now go to fighting Rogoe!"

60224, "Boss Ganne: Yousa must speak truth Gallo.  Wesa are with yousa."

60225, "Boss Ganne: Yousa have made good on yousa promise!  Yousa will make a fine leader."

60226, "Boss Ganne: Until oursa sacred staff isen returned, wesa will not discuss peace."

60227, "Gungan Trooper: Captain Marsune!  Scouts reporten big Naboo armies movin on disen position, here at Spearhead."

60228, "Gungan Trooper: Itsa Marsune!  Hesa returned with re-inforcements, just inna time!"

60229, "Gungan Trooper: The Naboo been defeaten’!  Spearhead is safe!"

60230, "Royal Trooper: We must take our city back from these things!"

60231, "Royal Trooper: Make short work of these creatures!"

60232, "Royal Trooper: In the name of the King - attack!"

60233, "Royal Trooper: In the name of the Queen - attack!"

60234, "Royal Trooper: Gah, where are they all coming from?"

60235, "Royal Trooper: Where did they get such weapons?  I thought they were “primitive” creatures!"

60236, "Captain Marsune: Hmmm, disen berry berry bad.  Wesa can’t fight a bigen Naboo force.  Wesa don’ have enough militiagungs."

60237, "Captain Marsune: Mesa could find some more soldiers to the west, mebee. But tis noah time. Mesa won’t return before da’ Naboo army arrives."

60238, "Captain Marsune: Mesa goin, Boss Gallo!"

60239, "Captain Marsune: Scouts reporten that the remainder of the Naboo army isen camps, near the Sacred Place."

60240, "Captain Marsune: Perfect for a surprise attack, ay Boss?"

60241, "Captain Marsune: The Naboo army is finished!"

60242, "Captain Marsune: Mesa can't believe it!"

60243, "Captain Marsune: Our work is but half over, Gallo.  Mesa scouts report that Rogoe's militiagungs are moving toward Otoh Sancture!"

60244, "Captain Marsune: Wesa may be able to pick up extra warriors there."

60245, "Captain Marsune: The slaves are rising to hep usen!"

60246, "Captain Marsune: Rogoe's forces are defeaten!"

60247, "Boss Gallo: Wesa do our part. Yousa go! Fasten! Find any militiagungs yousa can!  Wesa will hold the Outlanders off as long as wesa can."

60248, "Boss Gallo: Now wesa will give the Naboo a bit of poundin’ and crunchen’!"

60249, "Boss Gallo: Ho ho, perhaps wesa can turn the bongos on dese Outlanders!"

60250, "Boss Gallo: The Sacred Place isen good luck for the Gungan people!"

60251, "Boss Gallo: Mesa have ridden many miles to meet with yousa, Boss.  Won't yousa listen?"

60252, "Boss Gallo: Whatever mesa can do to convince yousa, just name it!"

60253, "Boss Gallo: Mesa city was ransacked by the bursas under Rogoe's command."

60254, "Boss Gallo: How long before Rogoe sends Bursas to yousa city?"

60255, "Boss Gallo: Please hep usen.  Tis for yousa freedom that wesa fighten."

60256, "Boss Gallo: Don't yousa realize, the more wesa fighten each other, the stronger Rogoe bein?"

60257, "Boss Gallo: Whatever yousa can spare would serve all the Gungans."

60258, "Boss Gallo: The Boss of Otoh Jahai says yousa stolen dere sacred staff."

60259, "Boss Gallo: Mesa haven no time for dis!"

60260, "Boss Gallo: Wesa must protect the city!"

60261, "Boss Gallo: Join usen in our struggle!"

60262, "Boss Gallo: Wesa shall see."

60263, "Captain Marsune: Mesa have broughten yousa the bongos wesa need, Boss Gallo."

60264, "Boss Gallo: Captain Marsune, yousa have served mesa well, yet again."

60265, "Boss Gallo: Those bongos are comen' just in time, Marsune.  "

60266, "Captain Marsune: Wesa have healed the bursa chief. Hesa now hasen a life debett with yousa, Boss."

60267, "Captain Marsune: Tis better to have a bursa at yousa side then at yousa throat, mesa says."

60268, "Captain Marsune: Don't pound those civilian gungs too hard, boyos!  "

60269, "Gungan Trooper: Take yousa pitiful army back to the forest, Gallo!"

60270, "Gungan Trooper: Theysa are noah match for mesa militiagungs!"

60271, "Captain Marsune: There's Rogoe's Keep!  Destroy it!"

60272, "Captain Marsune: What tis?  Dis building is protecten by energy!"

60273, "Gungan Trooper: Yousa will never get past mesa sheids, puny toy soldiers!"

60274, "Boss Gallo: Press on, boyos!  No shields is gonna stop usen!"

60275, "Gungan Trooper: Mesa cursen yousa, Gallo!  Yousa have destroyen mesa beautiful Fortress!"

60276, "Gungan Trooper: Yousa will not take me alive, Gallo!  Mesa will fight yousa to mesa last breath!"

60277, "Gungan Trooper: (death scream)"

60278, "Captain Marsune: Rogoe's army is noah more!"

60279, "Boss Gallo: Noah longer will Gungans pound and slave for other Gungs."

60280, "Boss Gallo: Noah more will this city exist to serve one Gung above all the other Gungs."

60281, "Boss Gallo: Wesa will rebuild this place as a city of peace, not war."

60282, "Boss Gallo: And wesa will call it Otoh Gunga, city for all Gungans!"

60283, "Captain Marsune: Dis will be a day long remembered in Gungan history!"

60284, "Gungan Trooper: Hooray for Boss Gallo!  Boss of all Gungans!"

60285, "Gungan Villager 1: Hooray!"

60286, "Captain Marsune: Hooray!"

60287, "Captain Marsune: Attack the walls!"

60288, "Gungan Villager 2: Houses can only be builtin in da shallow waters, where theysa can grip to underwater cliffs."

60289, "Gungan Villager 2: The Naboo tryin to steal our shipsas, but wesa kept them hidden. Wesa maken the finest shipsa in all the swamp!"

60290, "Gungan Villager 2: Deesa trawlers getin' the upgrade, to build houses under the water.  Wesa goin to test them now."

60291, "Gungan Villager 2: Wesa are the Bongomeken Collective of Oxon City.  Wesa maken the best bongos in all of Gunga!"

60292, "Gungan Villager 2: If the Naboo knew about usen, they’d have shut us down a long time ago!"

60293, "Royal Grenade Trooper: Gallo, yousa may have been able to subdue a few backwater outposts, but Oxon Fortress won’t be fallen so easily."

60294, "Gungan Trooper: Mesa never seen such a thing!"

60295, "Royal Trooper: The Gungans have overrun the Fortress walls!  They’re inside the compound!"

60296, "Captain Marsune: For dis plan to work, wesa need to creep the subs past the Naboo defenses."

60297, "Captain Marsune: The subs swim under the water, where enemy forces can't detect dem."

60298, "Captain Marsune: Subs need to surface to attack. When theysa surface, theysa can get pasted, so keep yousa eyes peeled for enemies. "

60299, "Captain Marsune: Also, some enemy unit can spy da subs at any time, even when theysa are under water. Watch out for thesa spies."

