60300, "Captain Marsune: Mesa tink wesa are ready for our mission.  Mesa will lead the sub attack on the dam."

60301, "Captain Marsune: Before wesa begin the mission, wesa should test the subs against a small Naboo force nearby."

60302, "Captain Marsune: Boss Gallo, nearby is a maxi-big dam, built by the Naboo to steal water from our swamp.  "

60303, "Captain Marsune: Boss Gallo, nearby is a maxi-big dam, built by the Naboo to steal water from our swamp.  "

60304, "Captain Marsune: But the dam is well-protected. Visiting will be no small task."

60305, "Captain Marsune: These subs are just what wesa need for our plan to work.  Wesa can pack one of them with enough boomers to blow the dam!"

60306, "Captain Marsune: Listen boyos, if wesa doen dis mission, wesa might noah be comin' home"

60307, "Captain Marsune: Yousa paid back that deb-bet long ago, Gallo."

60308, "Captain Marsune: Yousa restored mesa honor by letting mesa fight alongside yousa."

60309, "Captain Marsune: Fifteen of hisen bursa warriors pledgen to fight for yousa!"

60310, "Captain Marsune: Ten of hisen bursa warriors pledgen to fight for yousa!"

60311, "Boss Gallo: Ah, disen dwellings stay dry under water!  Wesa bein safe from the Naboo now!"

60312, "Boss Gallo: Once the valley isen flooded, wesa will need houses that can be built underwater."

60313, "Boss Gallo: Wesa have recaptured Oxon City. But wesa need to make sure that the Naboo do not return."

60314, "Boss Gallo: If Oxon City was all wet, the Naboo would never make the swim! Mesa like disen plan. But, how do wesa destroy the dam?"

60315, "Boss Gallo: Wesa have recaptured Oxon City. But wesa need to make sure that the Naboo do not return."

60316, "Boss Gallo: If wesa destroy the dam, da' water would flow back into the Paonga region, hiding Oxon under the water!"

60317, "Boss Gallo: Marsune, yousa are the bravest of all Gungans.  Yousa name shall be remembered for all time!"

60318, "Boss Gallo: First wesa must pound the land, then wesa pound the sea!"

60319, "Boss Gallo: Mesa now repay my life deb-bet to yousa, Marsune."

60320, "Boss Gallo: Mesa maken yousa first General of the Gungan Grand Army!"

60321, "Boss Gallo: Tis better to have a bursa at yousa side then at yousa throat, mesa says."

60322, "Battle Droid:   There’s the Queen.  Get them."

60323, "Battle Droid:  The city is demolished.  Report to the Viceroy."

60324, "Battle Droid:   Destroy the primitive creatures"

60325, "Boss Nass:  Quick!  Everyone to da bongos. Wesa will be safe, once we reachen the Sacred Place."

60326, "Captain Tarpals: Wesa mucho honor usen, Boss Nass.  Wesa waitn' on you.  Follow mesa to deh Sacred Place."

60327, "Captain Tarpals: Boss!  The mackineeks are taking over Otoh Gunga!  "

60328, "Captain Tarpals: Pound the mackineeks before theysa reachin’ the Sacred Place!"

60329, "Captain Tarpals: Uh-oh, Boss Daddy.  Wesa got Mackineeks settin' campen, not too far away."

60330, "Boss Nass: Ah.. Dissen good.  Now wesa taken dis army and wipen out de mackineeks, whosen got no business bein' in de swamps."

60331, "Queen Amidala: We require an escort, Your Honor.  We cannot traverse the swamp without your help."

60332, "Gungan Trooper:   Yousa! Outlanders!  Boss Nass says for yousa to come with usen!"

60333, "Boss Nass:  What does the smarty Queen of the Naboo want with usen!?  Argh.  Alright, send some militiagungs, and bring hersa to the Sacred Place!"

60334, "Boss Nass:  The Naboo bringen the mackineeks down on us, even in our secret hiden’ place?  Will theysa ever give us peace?!"

60335, "Captain Tarpals: Mackineeks surrounden the Sacred Place, Boss!  Mesa tink theysa are looking for the Queen!"

60336, "Captain Panaka: Your Highness, I am receiving a transmission from Naboo resistance.  They are under attack, somewhere nearby."

60337, "Boss Nass: Wesa will teach those mackineeks a good lesson!  Destroyen their bombad temple and maxibig throne!"

60338, "Captain Tarpals: Look! Wild air fighters liven this part of the forest!"

60339, "Captain Tarpals: Disen village trains the air fighters, so militiagungs can ride themsa!"

60340, "Captain Tarpals: Theysa could be a powerful weapon against the meckineeks!"

60341, "Captain Tarpals: If wesa bring this village Gungan warriors, theysa will train them to fly the animals!"

60342, "Captain Tarpals: Now wesa have bombad weapons to pound those outlanders!"

60343, "Boss Nass: Builden a monument where dere throne wasen!"

60344, "Gungan Trooper: Look!  Nass’s Gungans comen out of the swamp, to help usen build the monument!"

60345, "Boss Nass: Now theysa know who’s boss of dissen place!"

60346, "Captain Tarpals: The mackineeks enslaven our peoples!  How dare they!"

60347, "Gungan Villager 1: Wesa free!"

60348, "Gungan Trooper: Wesa have found Spinnaker, but wesa can noah reachin’ it from here.  Deesen cliffs bein’ too high for uss-en.  "

60349, "Gungan Trooper: The mackineeks enslaven our peoples!  How dare they!"

60350, "Gungan Trooper: Now wesa have enough Gungans to builden the Grand Army!"

60351, "Boss Nass: Wesa will have to approachen from the water – from dah Western Shore."

60352, "Boss Nass:   Good.  Now letsa see what the maxibig boss of the mackineeks tinks of that!"

60353, "Captain Tarpals: No more mackineeks in Harte Secur!"

60354, "Boss Nass:  Make it so!"

60355, "Battle Droid: The Gungan Army is crossing the north bridge."

60356, "Rebel Trooper: I'm fine."

60357, "Princess Leia: Thanks for the help."

60358, "Princess Leia: We wouldn't have made it without you."

60359, "Echuu Shen-Jon: I was. . .a long time ago."

60360, "C-3PO: Princess, these are the Krantians."

60361, "Princess Leia: We mustn't let any others be destroyed."

60362, "Rebel Trooper: There is an Imperial camp nearby, Princess."

60363, "Rebel Trooper: The Krantians are joining us, Princess."

60364, "Princess Leia: Leia."

60365, "C-3PO: Oh, dear, those are Imperial turrets!"

60366, "Princess Leia: Why do I think our mission just got more complicated?"

60367, "C-3PO: We're doomed!"

60368, "Echuu Shen-Jon: I can help you."

60369, "Echuu Shen-Jon: My pleasure. . ."

60370, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Your name?"

60371, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Your name, child?"

60372, "Echuu Shen-Jon: You're here on a mission."

60373, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Not for the Republic Senate."

60374, "Echuu Shen-Jon: For the. . .Rebel Alliance"

60375, "Echuu Shen-Jon: I am also observant."

60376, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Why else would the stormtroopers be so keen to capture you?"

60377, "Echuu Shen-Jon: . . .for a very long time. . ."

60378, "Echuu Shen-Jon: I will escort you, Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan while you are on this lovely world."

60379, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Perhaps you can use this trick of fate to your advantage, Princess."

60380, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Use it to strengthen your forces against a superior foe."

60381, "Echuu Shen-Jon: And perhaps vanquish that foe from this world."

60382, "Echuu Shen-Jon: The Empire has set up camps to the south and the far east."

60383, "Echuu Shen-Jon: They are preparing for an attack on the peaceful villages of Peche and Theenes."

60384, "Rebel Trooper: Still in one piece."

60385, "Rebel Trooper: Get down!"

60386, "Rebel Trooper: It seems awfully quiet."

60387, "Rebel Trooper: There are several Imperial camps nearby."

60388, "Rebel Trooper: There are Imperial camps nearby."

60389, "Rebel Trooper: The Empire is retreating!"

60390, "Princess Leia: It must survive."

60391, "Princess Leia: Do you speak Krantian, 3P0?"

60392, "Princess Leia: Thank you."

60393, "Princess Leia: Too quiet."

60394, "Princess Leia: I have a bad feeling about this."

60395, "Princess Leia: Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan."

60396, "Princess Leia: You are wise, Echuu."

60397, "Princess Leia: I'm not going to turn you down."

60398, "Princess Leia: 3P0?"

60399, "Princess Leia: No, wait, we don't have time for this -"

