60500, "Hanoon Soldier: You need to collect 2000 Carbon and 1000 nova crystals and we'll give you the crystal."

60501, "Hanoon Soldier: You need to collect 1000 Carbon and 500 nova crystals and we'll give you the crystal."

60502, "Hanoon Soldier: For 20 troopers we will give you the shard."

60503, "Hanoon Soldier: For 20 Rebel Troopers stationed in our Command Center, we will give you the shard."

60504, "Hanoon Soldier: For 10 Rebel Troopers stationed in our Command Center, we will give you the shard."

60505, "Hanoon Soldier: For some Rebel Troopers, we will give you the shard."

60506, "Hanoon Soldier: For some Rebel Troopers stationed in our Command Center, we will give you the shard."

60507, "Hanoon Soldier: There is a palace on the edge of town."

60508, "Hanoon Soldier: There is a Fortress on the edge of town."

60509, "Hanoon Soldier: There is an Imperial Government Center on the edge of town."

60510, "Princess Leia: So are AT-AT's."

60511, "Princess Leia: How so?"

60512, "Princess Leia: You know, Luke, I've been thinking."

60513, "Princess Leia: If we can take control of those Terraform Processors, we'll gain an upper hand on the Empire."

60514, "Princess Leia: At the very least we need a diversion if we're going to be able to take off again."

60515, "Princess Leia: You ready to get started?"

60516, "Princess Leia: We need to control all three."

60517, "Luke Skywalker: Imperial Terraform Processors."

60518, "Luke Skywalker: Pretty impressive."

60519, "Luke Skywalker: What if we were to eliminate the Imperial presence outside this town?"

60520, "Luke Skywalker: This helps us, Leia."

60521, "Luke Skywalker: I'll need to use stealth to get that shard."

60522, "Luke Skywalker: Why do I not like the sound of this?"

60523, "Luke Skywalker: That sounds just a bit risky."

60524, "Luke Skywalker: Lead the way."

60525, "Hanoon Leader: He is the chief architect of the oppression on this world."

60526, "Princess Leia: He was the chief oppressor on Krant ten years ago."

60527, "Hanoon Leader: Yittreas."

60528, "Hanoon Leader: There are several of our compatriots being held in detention in New Geddes."

60529, "Hanoon Leader: If we were to free the Hanoon prisoners, you would have additional troops for the assault."

60530, "Hanoon Leader: Excellent.  The prisoners are freed!"

60531, "Hanoon Leader: Wonderful!  We've captured Yittreas."

60532, "Hanoon Leader: Until then, Princess."

60533, "Princess Leia: Hold on now, we didn't come here to get involved in a war."

60534, "Princess Leia: We'll help."

60535, "Princess Leia: Moff who?"

60536, "Princess Leia: He's one of the constants in the universe."

60537, "Princess Leia: Now he's here."

60538, "Princess Leia: Lead the way to New Geddes, Excellency. "

60539, "Princess Leia: Funny."

60540, "Princess Leia: I look forward to seeing you again, Lathe."

60541, "Luke Skywalker: Leia. . ."

60542, "Luke Skywalker: Do you know this Yittreas?"

60543, "Luke Skywalker: Someone is trying to break into the building."

60544, "Luke Skywalker: Quiet, 3P0."

60545, "Luke Skywalker: We'll take care of them."

60546, "Luke Skywalker: I'll heed his words."

60547, "Luke Skywalker: Need to get this transport to the center of New Geddes to capture the Main Terraform Processor."

60548, "Luke Skywalker: I should be able to use Jedi Stealth to get past these troops."

60549, "C-3PO: Imperial stormtroopers!"

60550, "Princess Leia: Han, Luke never checked in from his patrol.  His last known position was north of the outer sentry post.  I'll keep working on these speeders be careful."

60551, "Han Solo: Hey - it's me."

60552, "Han Solo: Great - now my tauntaun's frozen.  Well, kid, I guess we're stuck here until Leia gets those snowspeeders online."

60553, "Han Solo: Good morning!  Nice of you to drop in!  Listen, we need to get Luke back to the Command Center.  He's not out of danger yet."

60554, "Luke Skywalker: Thanks for the rescue.  Rogue Squadron, I owe you one. Now let's turn our attention to strengthening our forces.  It's only a matter of time before the Empire discovers this base, and we have to be prepared for that day.  "

60555, "Luke Skywalker: We've got to capture as many wild tauntauns as we can, and bring them to this paddock.  There, we can train them to carry mounted troopers."

60556, "Rebel Trooper: Echo Station Three-T-Eight."

60557, "Rebel Trooper: Imperial walkers on the north ridge."

60558, "Rebel Grenade Trooper: Fall back!  Fall back!"

60559, "Rebel Trooper: They're almost at the Command Center!"

60560, "Rebel Trooper: They've almost reached the shield generator!"

60561, "Rebel Trooper: Come on!"

60562, "Rebel Trooper : The shield generator has been destroyed!"

60563, "Rebel Trooper: The Command Center!"

60564, "Rebel Trooper: Begin retreat!"

60565, "Rebel Trooper: Reports of Imperial forces massing on the borders... This could be their final push...  [gulp]"

60566, "Rebel Trooper: Imperial walkers on the north ridge!  Imperial walkers on the north ridge!"

60567, "Rebel Trooper: The transports are almost ready.  Just hold them off a few more minutes"

60568, "Rebel Trooper: Wooo!  The transports are away!  All Rebel personnel evacuated!  We made it!"

60569, "Princess Leia: Evacuate remaining ground staff."

60570, "Princess Leia: Uh-oh, we've got hostile animals on the scopes.  Watch the perimeters for wampa attacks."

60571, "Princess Leia: I don't believe it!  Luke is...Luke is dead...No!"

60572, "Princess Leia: The transports!  No!  They've been destroyed."

60573, "Princess Leia: Blast!  They got the ion cannon."

60574, "Princess Leia: No!  The shield generator's been taken down!"

60575, "Luke Skywalker: Echo Station Five-seven.  We're on our way."

60576, "Luke Skywalker: They're almost at the Command Center!"

60577, "Luke Skywalker: They've almost reached the shield generator!"

60578, "Luke Skywalker: They're almost to the ion cannon!"

60579, "Luke Skywalker: I see it, Wedge.  Good work."

60580, "Luke Skywalker: Rogue Two, are you all right?"

60581, "Luke Skywalker: Watch for that crossfire, boys."

60582, "Luke Skywalker: Stay tight and low."

60583, "Wedge Antilles: Copy, Rogue Leader."

60584, "Wedge Antilles: Coming around, Rogue Leader."

60585, "Airspeeder Pilot: Coming around.  Once more."

60586, "Airspeeder Pilot: Cable out!  Let her go!"

60587, "Airspeeder Pilot: Cable detached."

60588, "Rebel Grenade Trooper: We have spotted Imperial walkers!"

60589, "Luke Skywalker: All right, boys, keep tight now."

60590, "Luke Skywalker: Steady, Dack.  Attack pattern delta.  Go now."

60591, "Luke Skywalker: All right.  I'm coming in."

60592, "Luke Skywalker: Hobbie, you still with me?"

60593, "Luke Skywalker: That armor's too strong for blasters."

60594, "Luke Skywalker: Rogue Group, use your harpoons and tow cables."

60595, "Luke Skywalker: Go for the legs.  It might be our only chance of stopping them."

60596, "Luke Skywalker: All right, stand by, Dack."

60597, "Luke Skywalker: Just hang on."

60598, "Luke Skywalker: Hang on, Dack."

60599, "Luke Skywalker: Get ready to fire that tow cable."

