61000, "Qui-Gon Jinn: The river will guide us."
61001, "Qui-Gon Jinn: In its current condition, it's more of a hazard than a benefit.  We should get rid of it."
61002, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Attichitcuk is dead!  We must abandon Alaris Prime!"
61003, "Qui-Gon Jinn: That was a right-click. You use a regular click to select something.  Try again. "
61004, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Follow the path."
61005, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Try exploring to the south."
61006, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Try exploring to the north."
61007, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Try exploring some more."
61008, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Don't forget to explore the map."
61009, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Be sure to build in the radius of a power core."
61010, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Don't forget to build more power cores as your town gets larger."
61011, "Qui-Gon Jinn: A marker will show you the right direction."
61012, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Do you see how far we've traveled?"
61013, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Good.  Now right click near the marker to the north."
61014, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now select that tall structure."
61015, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Whoever left this behind is thoughtless – it is a hazard in this condition.  We should get rid of it."
61016, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now scroll north to the power core again and right click on it."
61017, "Qui-Gon Jinn: We will travel inland."
61018, "Qui-Gon Jinn: First, left-click on Chewbacca..."
61019, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Let’s go there.  Left-click on Chewbacca, then right-click near the next marker."
61020, "Qui-Gon Jinn: To explore as a group, left-click near the units and drag a box around them."
61021, "Qui-Gon Jinn: To explore as a group, left-click near the units and drag around them."
61022, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ll see how much health the worker has (represented by a green bar) and their attack strength."
61023, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can put all your workers to work by selecting them and right-clicking on the muja fruit bush."
61024, "Qui-Gon Jinn: It pays to keep ALL your workers busy."
61025, "Qui-Gon Jinn: How are you proceeding towards your goal?"
61026, "Qui-Gon Jinn: To remind yourself what your objectives are, click on the objectives button on the far-right side of your screen."
61027, "Qui-Gon Jinn: When your objectives change, this button will flash to let you know."
61028, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Above this map, you'll see how much food you currently have stockpiled."
61029, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now, look in the grey status area at the bottom of the screen."
61030, "Qui-Gon Jinn: I sense trouble...  gundarks are approaching!"
61031, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can monitor your current stockpiles of food in the lower-right section of the screen."
61032, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Look at the lower-right corner of the screen. You'll see a miniature map of local area."
61033, "Qui-Gon Jinn: We will need to gather 200 food, 100 carbon, and 50 nova crystals."
61034, "Qui-Gon Jinn: We will need to gather 200 food, 100 carbon, 50 nova crystals, and 50 metal."
61035, "Qui-Gon Jinn: We will need to gather 200 food, 100 carbon, 50 nova crystals, and 30 ore."
61036, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You'll need 30 ore to continue."
61037, "Qui-Gon Jinn: We will need to gather 200 food, 100 carbon, 50 nova crystals, and 50 steel."
61038, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You'll need to gather 30 nova crystals for your stockpiles. "
61039, "Qui-Gon Jinn: We will need to gather 200 food, 100 carbon, 50 nova crystals, and 50 durasteel."
61040, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can see pertinent information about any selected unit in this status area."
61041, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You will find this information more useful over time."
61042, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can monitor your current stockpiles of food in the upper left corner of the screen. "
61043, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can also monitor your carbon, Nova Crystal, and metal stockpiles."
61044, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can also monitor your carbon, Nova Crystal, and steel stockpiles."
61045, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can also monitor your carbon, Nova Crystal, and durasteel stockpiles."
61046, "Qui-Gon Jinn: ...then click the Create Wookiee worker button in the lower left corner of the screen."
61047, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Now watch the red progress bar in the status area at the bottom of the screen.  "
61048, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Take your new worker and move him toward the pond to the south."
61049, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Chewbacca should be along any minute. Until then, keep your workers gathering food."
61050, "Qui-Gon Jinn: ...now click on the alarm button.  Your workers will take shelter in the Command Center."
61051, "Qui-Gon Jinn: ...now click on the alert klaxon.  Your workers will take shelter in the Command Center."
61052, "Qui-Gon Jinn: With the Command Center selected, click on the Send Workers Back To Work button to resume gathering resources."
61053, "Qui-Gon Jinn: On Alaris Prime, the best place to find carbon is in the forests."
61054, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Click on a worker, then click on a tree.  The worker will chop wood and bring it to the Command Center."
61055, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Select your Command Center and sound the alarm to bring the workers inside!"
61056, "Qui-Gon Jinn: That’s plenty of carbon.  You should begin looking for formations of nova crystals."
61057, "Qui-Gon Jinn: That’s plenty of carbon.  You should begin looking for formations of nova crystals or metal."
61058, "Qui-Gon Jinn: That’s plenty of carbon.  You should begin looking for formations of nova crystals or steel."
61059, "Qui-Gon Jinn: That’s plenty of carbon.  You should begin looking for formations of nova crystals or durasteel."
61060, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ve found ore.  When processed, ore becomes metal, which is used for armor and weapons."
61061, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ve found ore.  When processed, ore becomes steel, which is used for armor and weapons."
61062, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ve found ore.  When processed, ore becomes durasteel, which is used for armor and weapons."
61063, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ll need 50 metal to continue."
61064, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ll need 50 steel to continue."
61065, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You’ll need 50 durasteel to continue."
61066, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Are you sure you haven’t colonized a planet before?"
61067, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Take your new worker and move him toward the river."
61068, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Gather 30 nova crystals, and you'll be finished."
61069, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Gather 30 ore, and the job will be done. "
61070, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You should bring Chewbacca exploring too"
61071, "Qui-Gon Jinn: The Command Center houses five units. Every additional shelter you build allows you to increase your population by another five units."
61072, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Good, you have a source of power.  Now build another hut next to the power core. "
61073, "Qui-Gon Jinn: If you click another worker, then right-click a building that is already under construction, he’ll join in and speed up the building process."
61074, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Make sure that Chewbacca survives the fight!"
61075, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Good work."
61076, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can tell by looking at it.  A powered building is alive.  An unpowered building looks lifeless."
61077, "Qui-Gon Jinn: The gundarks are coming from the North!"
61078, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Let us head in that direction."
61079, "Qui-Gon Jinn: We'll need to find a crossing point."
61080, "Qui-Gon Jinn: ...now click on the Create Wookiee Worker button."
61081, "Qui-Gon Jinn: The Command Center houses five units. Every Wookiee Hut you build allows you to increase your population by another five units."
61082, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You need to create some huts.  Click on a worker..."
61083, "Qui-Gon Jinn: In the lower-left corner, click the Build button, then the Build Wookiee Hut button.  Then click on the ground where you want the hut to be built."
61084, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Building this hut is a slow process.  In a moment, I’ll show you how to use power cores to speed up construction."
61085, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Good.  The more Wookiee huts you build, the larger your population can grow."
61086, "Qui-Gon Jinn: It should go up significantly faster than the previous hut did."
61087, "Qui-Gon Jinn: If more than one worker helps construct a building, it will go up even faster."
61088, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Some animals are not so easily tamed,  but they are just as useful as a food source.  By right-clicking on them, you can gather food from them as you would from nerfs."
61089, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can gather food from certain wild animals too, but you'll have to chase them down first."
61090, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Remember, your building will go up and operate more efficiently under the influence of a power core."
61091, "Qui-Gon Jinn: If you click another worker, then right-click a building that already under construction, he’ll join in and speed up the building process."
61092, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Click on your troop center and click Create Bowcaster Trooper Recruit"
61093, "Qui-Gon Jinn: You can tell by its color. An unpowered building is dark gray.  A powered building looks brightly lit up."
61094, "Qui-Gon Jinn: That’s one trooper.  Let’s train a few more."
61095, "Qui-Gon Jinn: Click on your troop center, then click on the Bowcaster Trooper Recruit button 4 times quickly."
61096, "Qui-Gon Jinn: When one trooper shows up, the next will begin training right away."
61097, "Qui-Gon Jinn: While you’re waiting for the rest of your troopers, look at the population indicator at the top of your screen. It shows how many units you currently have and how many your housing will support."
61098, "Qui-Gon Jinn: If it begins flashing yellow, you’ve used up all your housing and you have to build more shelters."
61099, "Qui-Gon Jinn: The gundark nest is beyond the river to the east."
