61800, "Echuu Shen-Jon: I have questioned the Confederacy officer Zian Finnis."
61801, "Echuu Shen-Jon: He has revealed that the Hutt Cartel on Tatooine may have information on the whereabouts of Sev'Rance Tann."
61802, "Mace Windu: Restoring Sarapin's production was our primary objective. Dooku and Tann, will be dealt with in due time."
61803, "Mace Windu: Arrange a meeting with Jabba the Hutt.  If the Confederacy is doing business on Tatooine, he'll know about it.  But be careful, the Hutts are not to be trifled with."
61804, "Naat Reath: Master, are you sure we should be dealing with these Hutts? They have no love for Jedi."
61805, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Their love of profit is greater than their hatred of Jedi, young Padawan.  I'm sure we'll find some way to reason with them."
61806, "Jabba the Hutt: <I have no wish to get mixed up in this outlander war, Jedi.  But I have my business to consider.>"
61807, "Jabba the Hutt: <Boorka's gone too far this time.  He's mixed up with the Confederacy, running credits and supplies through a hidden base out in the desert.  Smuggling's one thing, but this is too risky!>"
61808, "Echuu Shen-Jon: It is in both of our interests to see the Confederacy removed from Tatooine."
61809, "Echuu Shen-Jon: We are ready to move against them, if I have your cooperation."
61810, "Jabba the Hutt: <Take out their operation with my blessing, Jedi,  but I can't be seen helping you against a fellow Hutt.  You're on your own, heh heh heh.>"
61811, "Naat Reath: Master, we don't have enough soldiers to take out that base."
61812, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Perhaps we can 'persuade' the local populace to assist us."
61813, "Jundland Citizen: We have little to offer you, Master Jedi sir.  The Sand People raid our town almost every night now. They grow bolder and bolder with each attack."
61814, "Jundland Citizen: I don't know how much longer we can hold out..."
61815, "Naat Reath: Master, these creatures are savage beyond reason."
61816, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Do not focus on the evil that your enemy is capable of, my young pupil, lest you follow them down the dark path."
61817, "Jundland Citizen: You've saved us!  Whatever we can give is now yours."
61818, "Jabba the Hutt: <My thanks for eliminating that nuisance for me, Jedi.  Here's a little something for your trouble, heh heh heh.>"
61819, "Naat Reath: According to these invoices, the supplies here are destined for the planet Krant."
61820, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Then that is where we will find their factories.  And Sev'Rance Tann..."
61821, "Mace Windu: We have reason to believe that the Trade Federation is mining resources for the Confederacy to produce their own Decimators.  They have set up their facilities on the moon of Aereen.  "
61822, "Mace Windu: Master Echuu, the Council needs you to eliminate the mining facility.  "
61823, "Naat Reath: Master, look!"
61824, "Naat Reath: These are code transmissions for Sev'Rance Tann on Krant."
61825, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Sev'Rance Tann!"
61826, "Naat Reath: She is to be inspecting a contingent of Decimators.  We should inform the Jedi Council-"
61827, "Echuu Shen-Jon: No, Krant is not far.  Informing the Council will take too long.  "
61828, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Come, Padawan.  We have plans to make."
61829, "Plure Barron: You Jedi are too late.  "
61830, "Plure Barron: The Confederacy is already preparing their Decimators.  "
61831, "Plure Barron: Even now, General Tann prepares to inspect them on Krant."
61832, "Naat Reath: I sense something..."
61833, "Echuu Shen-Jon: That is the presence of Sev'Rance Tann. She is here to oversee the Decimator production..."
61834, "Naat Reath: She must pay for what she did to my brother!"
61835, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Seek revenge only at your peril, Padawan.  That path leads only to the dark side."
61836, "Naat Reath: Your feelings betray you, Master.  He was my brother but he was also your Padawan learner.  You seek what I seek."
61837, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Enough!"
61838, "Clone trooper: Look sir!  Wookiees!"
61839, "Naat Reath: Master Echuu, these soldiers were left behind when the Wookiees abandoned their base here. They are willing to help our cause in exchange for passage off of this planet."
61840, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Wookiees are fine and cunning warriors. We would be honored to accept their help."
61841, "Echuu Shen-Jon: There, that is the end of these horrible weapons.  I pray we never see anything like them again."
61842, "Naat Reath: Yes, but where is Sev'Rance?  I no longer...oh, no!  Master!  It's a trap!"
61843, "Sev'Rance Tann: So we meet again, Jedi Master!  It seems there isn't a Padawan you possess that I cannot take away from you! "
61844, "Sev'Rance Tann: So we meet again, Jedi Master!  You offer me another Padawan.  Most kind! "
61845, "Echuu Shen-Jon: No! Naat!"
61846, "Sev'Rance Tann: Fear not. I sense much anger in this pupil of yours, she is far more valuable to us alive than dead."
61847, "Sev'Rance Tann: I feel your anger too, Jedi.  I know you seek revenge for your fallen Padawan.  As much as I enjoy seeing you journey down this dark path, I'm afraid I can't oblige you.  Farewell, Echuu!"
61848, "Mace Windu: General Shen-Jon, I question the wisdom of this decision.  We can hardly risk you and your army for this one Padawan..."
61849, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Did you do any less for Obi-Wan and Anakin on Geonosis, Master Windu?"
61850, "Mace Windu: Alright Echuu, do what you must.  But make sure your feelings are clear in this matter.  Sev'Rance Tann will use your anger against you."
61851, "Echuu Shen-Jon: I shall let the Force be my guide, Master."
61852, "Clone trooper: General Shen-Jon, this Wookiee base has been abandoned for some time.  It's power cores have been destroyed, but otherwise it's in workable condition."
61853, "Echuu Shen-Jon: We have to find a power source somewhere."
61854, "Clone trooper: Sir, scouts report that there is a droid storage facility near here."
61855, "Clone trooper: Check it out, soldier."
61856, "Clone trooper: Power Droids!  That should do it!"
61857, "Echuu Shen-Jon: That should do it."
61858, "Naat Reath: Master!"
61859, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Naat!  Are you alright"
61860, "Sev'Rance Tann: Your ward has been well taken care of, Master Shen-Jon. Now let us finish this!"
61861, "Sev'Rance Tann: I can feel your hatred for me, Echuu.  Let it flow through you, and soon you'll know the power of the dark side!"
61862, "Sev'Rance Tann: Do you wish to take my place, my Jedi friend?  Would you like to stand at Count Dooku's side when the Republic falls and the Jedi are destroyed?"
61863, "Sev'Rance Tann: Arrrgh!  Savor your victory while you can, Jedi.  You and your kind are soon to be extinguished."
61864, "Naat Reath: Master, it's over.  She's gone.  Let us return to the Jedi Council."
61865, "Echuu Shen-Jon: No Naat.  You must go back and report what has happened here..."
61866, "Naat Reath: But, Master Echuu..."
61867, "Echuu Shen-Jon: It's too late for me, now.  For too long I've allowed anger to guide my actions.  Now the dark side is forever a part of my destiny.  "
61868, "Echuu Shen-Jon: Perhaps, with time, I can return to the Jedi Order, but for now I must remain alone to reflect on what I have done. Learn from my mistakes, and you'll make a fine Jedi Knight someday."
61869, "Naat Reath: May...the Force be with you, Master Echuu."
61870, "General Rand Talor: We've fought our way here, troops, and now our goal is clear - the Imperial Palace. Nothing must stand in our way!"
61871, "Han Solo: We've got your back, Rand...and if Kath is here, we'll find her."
61872, "Master Skywalker: May the Force be with us."
61873, "General Tal Ashen: You pathetic Rebel scum. You'll never take the Imperial Palace. A legion of the Empire's best troops awaits you! "
61874, "General Rand Talor: We've taken the Imperial Palace!"
61875, "Han Solo: Congratulations! You've pulled off quite a victory."
61876, "General Rand Talor: Thanks, Solo. We couldn't have done it without your help. "
61877, "General Rand Talor: Unfortunately, I don't think Kath is here."
61878, "Master Skywalker: They haven't finished searching the Palace yet, Rand, and I'm sensing another... "
61879, "Rebel Trooper: Sir, we've found a prisoner being held in the Palace detention block..."
61880, "General Rand Talor: Kath!  You're alive!"
61881, "Kath Talor: Rand. . .I never thought I'd see you again! "
61882, "Master Skywalker: Coruscant is free, and you have been re-united.  The Force is truly with us."
61883, "Sev'Rance Tann: You must face me alone, Master Echuu. If you bring any of your forces with you, I will kill your Padawan."
61884, "Sev'Rance Tann: I warned you, Master Jedi.  Now your student pays with her life."
61885, "Count Dooku: General Tann has perished.  What a waste."
61886, "Count Dooku: You have failed me for the last time."
61887, "Count Dooku: You have dishonered me, and our cause."
61888, "Count Dooku: You've now paid the ultimate price for your recklessness."
61889, "Mace Windu: You have forgotten your training and betrayed the Jedi Code."
61890, "Mace Windu: Echuu Shen-Jon is no more.  Let all the Jedi mourn him."
61891, "Mace Windu: With this defeat, our fate grows more uncertain."
61892, "Echuu Shen-Jon: No!  I've failed you, Naat Reath, just as I failed your brother."
61893, "Rand Talor: Lancer Squadron!  We're sure glad to see you!"
61894, "Han Solo: Nice of you guys to drop by."
61895, "B-wing Pilot: We just arrived in system and heard you boys might need a little help."
61896, "General Tal Ashen: This is General Tal Ashen to Boba Fett."
61897, "General Tal Ashen: Responding to reports from our sources, the fleet is in bound to the Sarapin system."
61898, "General Tal Ashen: Your information indicates that the Talors are hiding out on the planet Sarapin."
61899, "General Tal Ashen: Unfortunately, we can't locate them with our scanners, due to the high levels of electromagnetic activity in the planet's atmosphere."
